While I was riding the bus back to the train station, I stared out the window and saw a dilapidated old batting center. Several dilapidated shuttles sit in berths beside three shining new ripWings. Seizing command back from me as soon as we land in the dilapidated docking berth of a Sons of Ares safe house deep in industrial sector, he orders the still-unconscious Matteo and Quicksilver to the infirmary to be woken up, Kavax to a cell, and tells Rollo and the Sons to prepare for an assault. Malfoy gave Professor Lupin an insolent stare, which took in the patches on his robes and the dilapidated suitcase. It was only a few days prior that Subaru had the same feeling in the busy street, the back alley, and the dilapidated shop. This dilapidated deep level of Hyperion is naked under the high sun. They’re old and rusted, like the rest of the bones and shell of this dilapidated crab station. In his chrome suit and a black high-collared duster, Gorgo waits in a grand old dilapidated green armchair beside an industrial lift, smoking burners. 
They float slowly around my man-of-war, Quietus, as I search the blackness for my quarry. It’s an hour later that we spy our quarry beneath us in an uneven snowfield striped with crevasses. Anxious to catch up with it, he sped up, but as he moved faster, so did his quarry. But her quarry, who had paused and looked back at the flash of light, was already scrambling up the bank the fox had just fallen down. Distracted by the flames, the Inferi seemed unaware that their quarry was leaving as Dumbledore led Harry back to the boat, the ring of fire moving with them, around them, the bewildered Inferi accompanying them to the water’s edge, where they slipped gratefully back into their dark waters. Now Hermione was stuck in court proceedings, which would undoubtedly last hours: Ron was struggling to do magic that Harry was sure was beyond him, a woman’s liberty possibly depending on the outcome, and he, Harry, was wandering around on the top floor when he knew perfectly well that his quarry had just gone down in the lift. But you didn’t say your quarry was gahja and errant daughters.” Our quarry barrel-rolls through the shards of a torchShip, exchanging fire with the Necromancer. 
As the Sovereign recites her sentence, as the Jackal waits to deliver it, as Mustang kneels on the ground, as Cassius watches me from among the Praetorians and Knights, waiting, and as Aja sees me look to the tall blond knight, she steps forward in trepidation because she knows something is wrong, I throw my head back and I howl. He could not help feeling that his first foray into Occlumency had weakened his mind’s resistance rather than strengthening it, and he wondered, with a feeling of great trepidation, what had happened to make Lord Voldemort the happiest he had been in fourteen years. — CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE — The Beetle at Bay Harry’s question was answered the very next morning. ‘No,’ said Harry curtly, then, ‘let’s keep looking,’ and he turned away, wishing he had not seen the stone: he did not want his excited trepidation tainted with resentment. ‘Well, well,’ said Greyback, and Harry could hear the tiniest note of trepidation in that callous voice, and knew that Greyback was wondering whether he had indeed just attacked and bound the son of a Ministry official. “No shooter or bomb,” the young one says, still not seeing the older one’s trepidation. I wait in trepidation. To not quiver in primal trepidation at the thought of invasion, to not let your senators hoard your wealth for themselves and hide behind your ships of war, but to summon the more wrathful angels of their spirits and send forth the might of the Republic to scourge the engines of tyranny and oppression from the Mercurian sky and rescue our Free Legions.” To not quiver in primal trepidation at the thought of invasion, to not let your senators hoard your wealth for themselves and hide behind your ships of war, but to summon the more wrathful angels of their spirits and send forth the might of the Republic to scourge the engines of tyranny and oppression from the Mercurian sky and rescue our Free Legions.” 
I turn to find him walking toward me, hands splayed plaintively. “Roque,” I call to him plaintively. I step toward him, thinking I can take his razor from his hand without killing him, but he knows my intention and he holds up his off hand plaintively. ‘But I thought he liked me,’ she said plaintively. “Just one drink, Ephraim,” Volga says plaintively. “My noble friends…” His large hands splay plaintively outward. He glances plaintively to the other Obsidians, but there’s no pity in their arctic eyes. 
“…Let’s go on to the next one,” she said, pointedly ignoring my question and returning her notebook to her bag. Aja asks pointedly. Kieran looks pointedly at our mother. ‘In my room, he slept there last –’ ‘We can all go,’ said Hermione, pointedly. When the champions and their partners reached the table, Percy drew out the empty chair beside him, staring pointedly at Harry. She kissed Harry (Ron looked away pointedly), waved at the other two and departed for the girls’ dormitories. I look at them pointedly. 
Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose and sallow skin. After my muscle tissue has recovered from the initial trauma, they train me harder than before, even Mickey—though his eyes are underlined with dark rings and his thin face is sallow, he does not object. Viktor Krum was thin, dark and sallow-skinned, with a large curved nose and thick black eyebrows. On Professor Sinistra’s other side was the sallow-faced, hook-nosed, greasy-haired Potions master, Snape – Harry’s least favourite person at Hogwarts. The plump witch got out and a sallow-skinned wizard with a very mournful face got in. A sliver of a man could be seen looking out at them, a man with long black hair parted in curtains around a sallow face and black eyes. But before any of them could respond to this, a sharp voice spoke from high on the wall: a sallow-faced wizard with a short black fringe had just walked back into his empty canvas. 
It was a tiny place, empty except for a single spindly chair which Hagrid sat on to wait. His spindly fingers take Evey’s feather from my breast pocket and roll it back and forth over his knuckles. One by one they kneel—pudgy Pebble, cruel Harpy, spindly, open-faced Clown, and all the others. Knees jut from spindly legs. Innumerable chains and beads hung around her spindly neck, and her arms and hands were encrusted with bangles and rings. A sickly-green creature with sharp little horns had its face pressed against the glass, pulling faces and flexing its long, spindly fingers. She was busy putting copies of battered leather-bound books on each of the spindly little tables with which her room was littered when Harry entered the room, but the light cast by the lamps covered by scarves and the low-burning, sickly-scented fire was so dim she appeared not to notice him as he took a seat in the shadows. 
Over their heads, near the center of the hangar, I see several dozen Obsidian and Reds astride the twenty-meter-high walkway that spans part of the hangar, high over the crowd. “My people have a legend of a being who stands astride the road leading to the world after. He settled himself astride the motorcycle, which creaked slightly and sank inches into the ground. The goblin still astride him, Harry dived and caught it, and although he could feel it scalding his flesh he did not relinquish it, even while countless Hufflepuff cups burst from his fist, raining down upon him as the entrance of the vault opened up again and he found himself sliding uncontrollably on an expanding avalanche of fiery gold and silver that bore him, Ron and Hermione into the outer chamber. But to stand astride it is to see it, feel it, and use its course for your own whims.” Stand astride the torrent. 
I bow curtly. He agrees curtly and turns to leave before I can ask him one last question. ‘Er –’ Uncle Vernon nodded curtly behind Aunt Marge’s back. Harry heard talking at the door, and someone laughing, and Uncle Vernon answering curtly. He waved, Barty Crouch nodded curtly, and both of them Disapparated. ‘Dumbledore is dead …’ ‘Dumbledore would have been happier than anybody to think that there was a little more love in the world,’ said Professor McGonagall curtly, just as the hospital doors opened again and Hagrid walked in. 
Two Furies jump from the dais, landing with their blades dancing into hand. “And in the dais of his reception room.” So many men and women who would have given their eyes for him when he sat on his dais in Agea. Instead of a chained chair, however, there was a raised stone dais in the centre of the pit, on which stood a stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing was still standing. She leaped down from the dais and glared at Priscilla head-on. On the dais, Diomedes looks like a man freed from the gallows. 
Sevro is the first to leave, making his derision for Cassius’s game clear. His skin is dark like oak honey and his high cheekbones and deep-set eyes give him a look of permanent derision. Mustang and the other girls snort their derision. Quiet, and so full of derision, he hefts a huge, heavy bag in his other hand. They had left his spectacles on the crooked nose: he felt amused derision. His eyes are narrow and mischievous, his mouth pinched in playful derision. 
She’s assessing the enemy disposition in the sync. The disposition of the Sons of Ares is dour. That aloof disposition made it easy for him to get isolated. He has an unyielding disposition, a tremor in his right hand. She’s lean, with withered patience, a pinched mouth, and a methodical, droll disposition. But while Earth was blessed with water, sweet air, and a temperate disposition, Venus had a more quarrelsome spirit. 
They crack the porcelain as I trod along the Bellona table, shattering dishes of pudding and squishing tender steaks. Spoons clatter against porcelain. Like an old evil ghost inside a little porcelain doll. Except for the old wounds, his skin is perfect porcelain. Subaru was thrown back into a shelf filled with porcelain and came crashing to the ground. The restraint that keeps me from sobbing or laughing maniacally is only as substantial as porcelain. 
He can’t pull it back to swing a punch, so instead he grins toothily at me and head-butts me once in the chest just at the sternum. My heart rattles against my sternum. Feel the flutter of her eyelashes as I stab her six more times in the gut and on the last, rip the metal up toward her sternum. Wulfgar looks down at Sevro, who comes barely to his sternum, and steps back in respect. I turn on Wulfgar as he pulls his blade from the Gold’s sternum. She jams a thin thumb into her sternum. 
By dusk, the still summer air itself seemed to be quivering with anticipation, and as darkness spread like a curtain over the thousands of waiting wizards, the last vestiges of pretence disappeared: the Ministry seemed to have bowed to the inevitable, and stopped fighting the signs of blatant magic now breaking out everywhere. “I heard Ram and Rem were heading for the garden, but they’re a little late…” Emilia was still wiping the vestiges of the tears from her eyes from laughing so hard. There were still vestiges of sluggishness in every part of his body, but the crippling lethargy had vanished. With the supposed thieves having finally lost all vestiges of belligerence, the silent girl broke the atmosphere. The girl reacted elegantly, but Priscilla had left vestiges of feverish agitation hovering over the chamber. Gloomy, narrow eyes brood within a pale, beardless face that bears the vestiges of beauty underneath a depository of brutality. 
As the castle loomed nearer Harry twitched the Cloak to make sure their feet were hidden, then pushed the creaking front doors ajar. A door stood ajar to his left. A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor – and the door was already ajar. It was ajar, and the voices of Cornelius Fudge and Snape were coming through it from the corridor outside. Hagrid turned around and headed back into his cabin, leaving the back door ajar. 
Snaking public trams and air thoroughfares, flashing communication centers, bustling restaurants, and austere police stations weave into the metal dermis of the city like blood capillaries, nerve endings, sweat glands, and hair follicles. ‘Quick, quick, through the barrier,’ said Mrs Weasley, who seemed a little flustered by this austere efficiency. His face was as austere as an image carved into a boulder, giving off the air of a man who’d seen plenty of combat. Rangy and austere even in their own home, they wear handmade rough fabrics of earth tones and sit rigidly on thin cushions around an ovular stone table, at the center of which is a single floating orb of blue light. It is traditional and austere but for the use of wood. 
“Tomorrow, Praetor Licenus will take command of this vessel and its fleet and lead the Sovereign’s fleet on a chase, while I take a small strike group of corvettes and frigates to the Gas Giants. A brigade of corvettes rockets silently through space toward the famed shipyards of Ganymede that ring the industrial moon of mottled green, blue, and swirling white. They cluster in spheres, the smallest corvettes still four hundred meters long. I sent Thraxa and her sisters in fast-moving corvettes out under Victra’s command to reel Antonia in and recapture Kavax, who was captured by Antonia’s forces while attempting to board the Pandora. Dances are held on the smallest corvettes, on the destroyers and torchShips and the Morning Star. 
Despite the odds, by the time I returned to the building, I had decided to believe in the incredibly dubious idea that someone could buy your life span for money. After amassing an impressive army and some dubious allies, Darrow leads a successful assault on Mars, ousting the Bellonas from control of the planet. Some, with furtive looks around them, conjured fires with their wands; others were striking matches with dubious looks on their faces, as though sure this couldn’t work. Moody was going to ask where he had got this map, which was a very dubious magical object – and the story of how it had fallen into his hands incriminated not only him, but his own father, Fred and George Weasley, and Professor Lupin, their last Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. Before Subaru knew it, Roswaal, the character with long, violet hair, was standing beside him with a dubious smile, wearing a formal uniform with a maple emblem unrelated to his status as Court Magician. 
The Jackal brushes an errant strand from his fastidiously parted hair and smiles fondly at me. But you didn’t say your quarry was gahja and errant daughters.” “An errant claim. A fifteen-million-credit diadem lies errant beside a stack of Titians and Renoirs and Phillipses. They load errant packs of aerial infantry into starShells, and send them into the fray. 
Instead, I have been swallowed by the machine of this vast empire as it rumbles inexorably on. LowColors push inexorably through the halls. He turned his head to look at the greenish glow towards which the boat was still inexorably sailing. An innocent observation that will lead inexorably to a casual inquiry about the new ships we’ve seen and the state of their docks and their stores of helium-3. Instead, inexorably, his eyes harden, our world darkens, and I know our fellowship has ended. 
We fight with dummy munitions and launch raiding parties from ship to ship in the way of Gold astral combat. Then my father came in hard with his ripWings and corvettes, as is his way—burning engines and dropping munitions before curling back around. The ripWings there fire railguns, sliding sideways as they pump munitions at the wall. Billions of credits’ worth of munitions spent in seconds. I’m hit in the left shoulder with a glancing energy round as the Wardens try to keep their distance to use their nonlethal munitions. 
Instead, his training is designed to help my mind adapt to paradigm shifts. The paradigm shifts that quickly. So that means we have to change the paradigm. Create our own paradigm so they’re playing our game. “Unless we change the paradigm.” 
His hair is long, like mine, and his face soft as a woman’s and placid as a philosopher’s. Ours is not a placid planet. He’s a placid, clean-looking man, more limbs than torso, with a fresh gash on his face that pains him terribly. Our pilot continues to juke, twitching her fingers in the electric gel, face placid and lost in her dance with the pursuing craft. A placid emerald sea littered with volcanic islands stretches before us. 
‘Ooooh, it was dreadful,’ she said with relish. I relish the cold air. “They call me Marco Polo, my friends, because I relish travel. “We’d relish a real hunt. ‘He was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle grounds,’ said Voldemort, and there was relish in his voice for the lie, ‘killed while trying to save himself –’ But Voldemort broke off: Harry heard a scuffle and a shout, then another bang, a flash of light and a grunt of pain; he opened his eyes an infinitesimal amount. 
‘Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings.’ ‘It’s – all – my – ruddy – fault!’ Her cheeks ruddy. If, at the end of it, you’ve toed the line and kept to the story, I’ll sign your ruddy form.’ Mr Weasley was shaking hands with a ruddy-faced wizard with a scrubby brown beard, who was holding a mouldy-looking old boot in his other hand. 
The squat ghost of a girl had glided over. It was a wide, squat building with trees behind it that grew over the roof. I find a bank of glass, a large wall that lets the sun in to shine across the length of a squat black instrument with white keys, which plays itself in a tall room with three walls and a long bank of glass windows. He’s built like a squat block of dirty ice carved by a rusted blade, and his sun-blasted face is dark and set with quick eyes. A moment later, a short, squat knight in a suit of armour had clanked into the picture after his pony. 
The old woman was drooling, her eyes were rolling, the yellowing skin of her face stretched taut as she screamed; and all along the hall behind them, the other portraits awoke and began to yell, too, so that Harry actually screwed up his eyes at the noise and clapped his hands over his ears. He would have smashed straight into the ground, but the belt around his right wrist snapped taut. jeered Voldemort, and his whole body was taut and his red eyes stared, a snake that was about to strike. The fingers of the device crawl around my head, pulling taut even as a rubber appendage pushes into my mouth and expands till my tongue is pinned to the floor of my mouth. The plastic tubes connected to his gut and arms snap taut and jerk the medical machines toward the bed. 
“I rather think he would have hated the toga of Rome. The creature, whose legs were so short they stuck out in front of it on the chair, was wearing a tea-towel draped like a toga, and it had its face hidden in its hands. They were all wearing the same uniform; a tea-towel stamped with the Hogwarts crest, and tied, as Winky’s had been, like a toga. The top of the elf ’s head barely reached the seat of Hepzibah’s chair and her papery skin hung off her frame just like the crisp linen sheet she wore draped like a toga. He takes a white wool toga from one and puts it on over his shirt before he goes up the ramp. 
It is when a valet arrives to escort me to the Institute that I say my goodbyes to Dancer inside the penthouse. My personal valet, Theodora, smiles to her younger charges at the bridge’s valet station. She laughs to herself and takes a tea from a valet on her bridge. My valet has been attempting to foist a meal on me for hours. Her valet said she would be late to dinner. 
Even when I am ruining their Society at the vanguard of a billion screaming Reds, they will tell their children that Darrow of Mars once clapped them on the shoulder and paid them a compliment. The vanguard of my force, Ragnar’s men, have made landfall in the valley ahead. Telemanus torchShips race ahead at the vanguard to clear mines and scan for any traps left by Society forces. “And the one at the vanguard is a commoner, I recall. The vanguard of our force falls, uncontested. 
They call taunts, playing on my vanity. But his vanity is so deep that he thinks affectation a sign of boorish decadence. But he chose vanity. So Roswaal was indulging in vanity? Yet one of Octavia’s axioms haunts me: “Fear those who seek your company for their own vanity. 
Everything is Spartan. Beneath me, a world of bounty lounges along the bottom of the vast canyon—lakes and streams, waist-high grasses, trees blooming with flowers and Spartan pines growing at odd angles from the kilometers-high canyon walls despite the steep declivity. “Gives me new perspective looking back on my school days with the weekends off…” Subaru had often disparaged his Spartan instructor during the last four days. I was named for a contradiction: a Spartan general who had the mind of an Athenian. 
The animosity stemming from the riot has not abated entirely, but the wedding brings a sense of nostalgic normalcy. Snape had disliked all of their previous Dark Arts teachers, and shown it – but he seemed strangely wary of displaying overt animosity to Mad-Eye Moody. The presence of Reinhard’s sword overwhelmed the room, and the animosity between Reinhard and Elsa shook the air. But, like so many of the dwindling apex genetic lines, they hold little in common except that shared lineage and the layered animosity of ancestral infighting. 
Harry stared at it and the bird looked balefully back, making its gagging noise again. Red eyes glow out balefully from the helmet. said Mundungus, peering balefully at Harry through his matted ginger hair. Thraxa, who has always held overwhelming guilt for the evil works of her own Color, stares balefully at the prisoners. 
Her sword slashes and she screams like a banshee. This one is a tipped with a screaming banshee and a splash of crimson. Where the mummy had been was a woman with floor-length black hair and a skeletal, green-tinged face – a banshee. ‘Sounded like a banshee … maybe you’ve got to get past one of those next, Harry!’ 
Most of the barracks are there, as are the factories where highReds slave away making armaments and commercial consumer goods. In the steel mesh of the cages men and women thump their fists into the walls till it sounds like the heartbeat rising through the bowels of this vampire moon; up through the Hives of Blues, where they sit drinking coffee and studying gravitational mathematics under the warm lights of their intellectual communes; through the Gray barracks in each precinct; among the Silvers at their trading desks; the Golds in their mansions and yachts. I glimpse fractured sights of the other clawdrills ripping through the heart of the ship as we fall through the dimly lit barracks. As we land, the sprawling barracks and engineering garages and mess halls on the floor look like toy blocks compared to the mass of metal being dug out of the ice. 
‘Here, girl – take your book – it’s the best your father can give you –’ Pulling himself out of Hagrid’s grip he beckoned to Draco and swept from the shop. Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward. ‘Bye,’ Harry said miserably to Stan and Ern, as Tom beckoned Fudge towards the passage that led from the bar. ‘Thanks, Basil,’ said Mr Weasley, and he beckoned everyone to follow him. 
My mother’s smile is one of a woman who has seen what life has to offer and is, at best, bemused. The ones we’ve captured, even the ones a little bemused by the idea of students invading Olympus, now stare at me with pale faces. At last, when the Irish team had left the box to perform another lap of honour on their brooms (Aidan Lynch on the back of Connolly’s, clutching hard around his waist and still grinning in a bemused sort of way), Bagman pointed his wand at his throat and muttered, ‘Quietus’. said Slughorn, now looking slightly bemused as Hermione’s hand punched the air again. 
The Blues begin their slide down the narrow shaft into the berth where there should be escape pods, but we replaced with heavily armored shuttles. said Harry, who had been careful to give the place a wide berth for some years now. The crowd had almost dispersed now, the stragglers giving the monumental figure of Grawp a wide berth as he cuddled Hagrid, whose howls of grief were still echoing across the water. Harry thought he recognised a Snargaluff, and gave the wizened stump a wide berth. 
I thought, ‘I bet he’s really beside himself that I’m not around anymore.’ For her part, Mustang is beside herself with worry for Kavax, though she makes a brave face. Mustang’s beside herself. ‘Albus was beside himself at Ariana’s death. 
But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused. He saunters up, wiping burly hands on his orange greasers. Oliver Wood was a burly seventeen-year-old, now in his seventh and final year at Hogwarts. Yes, some fine jewelry on your burly, hairy bodies would make for quite a sight.” 
The men of House Augustus are lions, not fleabitten carrion eaters.” The winged girl has become a carrion bird and she doesn’t seem to have noticed. Peeled their flesh and set them upon the rock of the spires to be eaten as carrion by the fowl of the ice.” The chatter of the carrion birds serrates the air, along with the cries of the dying. 
At least twenty small, circular tables were crammed inside it, all surrounded by chintz armchairs and fat little pouffes. Harry and Ron walked through the mass of occupied chintz chairs and pouffes that cluttered the room, and sat down at the same small circular table. ‘Not to worry, not to worry,’ said Dumbledore pleasantly; he took out his wand, gave it a little flick, and a squashy chintz armchair appeared out of nowhere next to Harry. Professor McGonagall pulled her wand from the pocket of her dressing gown and waved it; three chairs appeared out of thin air, straight-backed and wooden, quite unlike the comfortable chintz armchairs that Dumbledore had conjured up at Harry’s hearing. 
A scarlet-clad figure on a broomstick, moving so fast it was blurred, shot out onto the pitch from an entrance far below, to wild applause from the Bulgarian supporters. And in exchange… “—” …the dirt and stone had launched her uniform-clad body high into the dark sky. Cassius stands guarding the interior of the transfer bridge that connects our ship to the Vindabona, clad in his EVO suit and helm. They are clad in simple leather boots and drab robes they sewed themselves. 
“Our commissary is woefully militaristic, as you can imagine.” The hundred Obsidians step over the debris of the commissary and gather behind me, just as we trained them to do on the journey from Jupiter. The commissary is round and holds several tables, the centermost of which has been laden with mounds of clothing. ON MY LEAVE DAY I wake up early and eat cold cereal in the commissary before anyone but the maids are awake. 
At twelve, a coterie of Tinpots descend in gravBoots from the Pot. Octavia au Lune stands with her coterie of women, the three Furies—sisters she trusts above all others. Upon hearing news that Roque’s fleet has begun its journey from Europa, I make my farewell to Romulus and his coterie of Praetors who helped devise our battle plan. A coterie of masked legionnaires and a tall Gold woman of mature years greet us. 
Unlike the weakling’s, her mask is like that of an old crone, one of the witches of Earth’s fallen cities who made soup from the marrow of children’s bones. A black temple squats over the stairs like a possessive old crone. The crone is a nasty, covetous creature. And as you might’ve noticed, the entrance is right outside this room, through that one-eyed old crone’s hump.’ 
“Apologize, cur.” ‘Stand and fight, you mangy cur!’ ‘Scurvy cur,’ said Ron. You spineless cur. 
He is the Society—a monster dripping in decadence, yet seeing none of his own hypocrisy. When they look at you, they see none of the soft decadence of our meager time, none of the political poison that has saturated Luna since Lune’s family rose to power. Yet I walk with them now, untouched by decadence and condescension as never before. But his vanity is so deep that he thinks affectation a sign of boorish decadence. 
I’ve seen the way his men look at him, how even Harmony pays him deference. I bow my head in polite deference. Both my mother and uncle nod to him in deference. Strange, the Sovereign’s deference to the Jackal. 
I examine our wake—naval detritus. The detritus of crumpled-up bits of parchment, old Gobstones, empty ingredient jars and sweet wrappers that usually covered the common room at the end of each day was gone, as were all Hermione’s elf hats. It’s a sea of detritus: bodies I’ve explored, relationships I’ve stretched past fraying. RipWing detritus hails down. 
“Pleasure to see your diminutive forms yet again. That’d be my diminutive psychotic accomplice.” Presuming you don’t have problem with that and I don’t have to become proportionally diminutive.” But I would ask you to dissuade your diminutive accomplice from displaying any lupine flavors. 
Something decidedly disdainful. Hesitating, fearful of the deception I work but disdainful of priests, Sefi produces my razor from her bag. He had bowed to Malfoy, who was now patting his beak, looking disdainful. Harry could tell he was trying to sound disdainful, as though what Moody was saying was barely worth his notice, but his hands gave him away; they had balled themselves into fists. 
“My liege, I’ve gone above and beyond in following the proper method of quelling dissent as laid out in section three, subsection A of the Department of Energy’s Guide to Mine Management. They contain the dissent. Her demeanor permitting no dissent, Rem turned her back on Subaru and headed to the room’s entrance. Absent her evidence, she uses this to quell the dissent over her coup. 
The disposition of the Sons of Ares is dour. Hermione bore up reasonably well on those nights when they managed to scavenge nothing but berries or stale biscuits, her temper perhaps a little shorter than usual and her silences rather dour. And slowly on Dido’s dour, grieving face, her lips curl into a smile.Hailing from a minor house pledged to House Augustus, he is a dour cynic of a man. 
I just think she’s a duplicitous little filly. “Perhaps it should be duplicitous wives,” Romulus replies. “She has shown a duplicitous nature. With the Echo of Ares and her battle group undergoing repairs on Phobos, this left Imperator Aquarii with barely half her fleet to fight the duplicitous Dictator. 
Do not play me for a fool with vague, annoying references to duplicity. Augustus would kill them both if he knew about the duplicity. As if she’s known of her mother’s duplicity for years. I search his eyes for some sign of duplicity. 
“Tomorrow, Praetor Licenus will take command of this vessel and its fleet and lead the Sovereign’s fleet on a chase, while I take a small strike group of corvettes and frigates to the Gas Giants. RipWings and wasps from the military frigates flash after them, trying to herd them back to the designated avenues. We listen in tense silence to the radio waves crackle with yacht captains requesting docking clearance on the military frigates instead of continuing down to the planet. They flare as silver and white Society fighters and fast-moving gun frigates shred engines and hulls. 
Mr Weasley marched Harry across the short stretch of pavement towards the first of two old-fashioned dark green cars, each of which was driven by a furtive-looking wizard, wearing a suit of emerald velvet. Harry chose a seat right at the back of the room, feeling as though he was sitting in a very bright spotlight; the rest of the class kept shooting furtive glances at him, as though he was about to drop dead at any moment. Some, with furtive looks around them, conjured fires with their wands; others were striking matches with dubious looks on their faces, as though sure this couldn’t work. He shot a furtive look at Harry, then strode to the fire and turned his back on it, warming his wide behind. 
You were a gambit when I took you from the Institute and put you in my employ. But it was a trap and I narrowly escaped with the help of my friends, a broken arm my only reward for the gambit. Yet each gambit misses by a hair. He uses the Snapping Branch gambit. 
His lieutenant, Sun-hwa, leans toward us, tough and gnarled as an olive tree. In front of the temple lies a little square park, at the center of which stands a gnarled black tree. Neville looked pleadingly at Harry, Ron and Hermione, but they didn’t say anything, so Neville had no choice but to allow himself to be steered away, one of Moody’s gnarled hands on his shoulder. ‘Bye, then, Potter,’ said Moody, grasping Harry’s shoulder for a moment with a gnarled hand. 
‘Dobby heard tell,’ he said hoarsely, ‘that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time, just weeks ago … that Harry Potter escaped yet again.’ “Break the chains,” I echo hoarsely. “Imagine a world without the greed of the old,” I reply hoarsely. said Harry hoarsely to Hermione. 
This stubbornness, this intransigence, looks insane from the outside, but inside he felt just as I did when Roque questioned me. And now I don’t have time for intransigence or superstition. Even though I know the intransigence of my friend, I hold out some boyish hope that my words will arouse some sense inside him. She’s not pleased by my intransigence. 
Titus draws mostly highDrafts or midDrafts—the physical specimens, the violent, the fast, the intrepid, the prototypically intelligent, the ambitious, the opportunists, the obvious selection for House Mars. If only his intrepid young soul knew what waited on the other side of the hour. The gowns have been replaced by a dramatic black uniform with rows of golden spikes and a death’s-head on each shoulder, and the paramours by a ship full of the intrepid killers from my generation, the ice-eyed veterans of her own, and the remaining legends of the one before. But fear not, my intrepid father noticed a certain lack of Leopards on his flank in the Plains of Caduceus and has sent us to ensure that no skullduggery is afoot at the gates of Heliopolis.” 
His baby face laughs jovially and he showily brings a flagon of wine to his lips. 17 WHAT THE STORM BRINGS The Obsidians escort me to new quarters, Fitchner trailing along behind, pacing jovially on the marble floors. He grins jovially. Two floors up he met Seamus and Dean, who hailed him jovially and told him they were planning a dusk-till-dawn end-of-exams celebration in the common room. 
“You are held to a higher standard than a marauding centurion.” The three of them sat in front of the roaring fire, slowly turning the pages of dusty volumes about famous cases of marauding beasts, speaking occasionally when they ran across something relevant. Harry could not see a trace of Malfoy, Crabbe or Goyle anywhere: he swooped as low as he dared over the marauding monsters of flame to try to find them, but there was nothing but fire: what a terrible way to die … he had never wanted this … ‘Harry, let’s get out, let’s get out!’ The pixels swirl together, looking like a plague of marauding locusts forming a head with gaps for the mouth and eyes and the twirling black tips of a ghost crown. 
I would be allowed to join Apollo as a mercenary, not a slave, never a slave. “You’re saying my father played mercenary. However, from what I hear she appears to be more of a mercenary,” replied Reinhard faithfully in response to Subaru’s rhetorical question as he trained his clear eyes on Elsa. “A mercenary after all.” 
His skin is pallid and his movements awkward and clumsy. Their faces are pallid in the low light. Skeletal and pallid. said Ron, frowning at Professor Lupin’s pallid profile. 
Octavia au Lune may seem the paragon of Gold virtue. The first half was intimidatingly gruff; the second half, a paragon of customer relations. “And you were such a paragon?” A paragon. 
Mrs Weasley dashed about in a bad mood looking for spare socks and quills, people kept colliding on the stairs, half-dressed with bits of toast in their hands, and Mr Weasley nearly broke his neck, tripping over a stray chicken as he crossed the yard carrying Ginny’s trunk to the car. ‘Look,’ Harry heard one of them say, ‘the new Nimbus Two Thousand – fastest ever –’ There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon … ‘Gringotts,’ said Hagrid. ‘It’s this sweetshop,’ said Ron, a dreamy look coming over his face, ‘where they’ve got everything … Pepper Imps – they make you smoke at the mouth – and great fat Chocoballs full of strawberry mousse and clotted cream, and really excellent sugar quills which you can suck in class and just look like you’re thinking what to write next –’ ‘But Hogsmeade’s a very interesting place, isn’t it?’ another of Fizzing Whizzbees, the levitating sherbet balls that Ron had mentioned; along yet another wall were ‘Special Effects’ sweets: Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum (which filled a room with bluebell-coloured bubbles that refused to pop for days), the strange, splintery Toothflossing Stringmints, tiny black Pepper Imps (‘breathe fire for your friends!’), Ice Mice (‘hear your teeth chatter and squeak!’), peppermint creams shaped like toads (‘hop realistically in the stomach!’), fragile sugar-spun quills and exploding bonbons. 
“Your mother rode me ragged,” Sevro grunts. It is a ragged pace, covering fifteen kilometers at a sprint. All I hear is my ragged breath and the rumble of the deadly shuttle as it makes its escape. Your fleet is ragged. 
It hangs slack in the poor wind. He turned to tell Ron this, but Ron’s face had gone oddly slack, and next second Ron was yelling, ‘Did I tell you I’ve invented a broomstick that’ll reach Jupiter?’ There was a nasty smile playing around her wide, slack mouth, but he did not care. When she pulls the pack away, our handsome friend is gone, replaced by a thuggish visage with a primitive forehead, a bulbous, veiny nose, chipped ears, and a slack mouth with engorged, lazy lips. 
At a time like this, most people might seek the solace of family, I thought. I didn’t want to turn her into a source of solace. But the only solace was my duty, and now that has been robbed from me. May your many-eyed descendants ever flourish and your human friends find solace for the loss they have sustained.’ 
But I have no sordid history here. ‘Him with his sprinklers on at three in the morning!’), then a helicopter that had almost crashed in a field in Surrey, then a famous actress’s divorce from her famous husband (‘As if we’re interested in their sordid affairs,’ sniffed Aunt Petunia, who had followed the case obsessively in every magazine she could lay her bony hands on). However, the Headmaster likes you to sit the examination, so …’ Her voice trailed away delicately, leaving them all in no doubt that Professor Trelawney considered her subject above such sordid matters as examinations. Her dress was blood crimson, and above all, the overwhelming beauty of the girl herself shone in her sordid surroundings. 
9 THE LIE The city is one of spires, parks, rivers, gardens, and fountains. Fog still clings to the four spires and light struggles to penetrate the dreary sky of our highland climate. We meet with Jupiter and Ragnar on one of floating Olympus’s white spires. Carved into Io’s highest mountain, the eighteen-kilometer-high Boösaule, Sungrave is a city of black stone obelisks and spires that rides the shoulders of the mountain range. 
You certainly seem raaather spry. But he was still stately and spry despite his girth. “Corporeal as a cormorant and still a spry dandy of a thing after so long in captivity.” “Not that spry.” 
I stalk away. Predators, we stalk over clay tiles in through a window on the villa’s seventh level, two at a time. They just scatter like horseflies as I stalk down my ship’s ramp onto the engine-blackened landing pad, Obsidian bodyguards flowing out before me. Victra and I stalk across the bridge, Blues beneath us to every side, staring up at us in confusion and fear even as their ship is engaged in battle. 
“The Dido,” Mustang says quietly to herself, eying a glass ship the shape of a sailboat to our starboard. And finally my own vessels led by the greatest ship ever built and stolen, the indomitable white Morning Star painted with a seven-kilometer-long red scythe on her port and starboard sides. We trace the blood to the starboard escape pod bay, and there, before the large doors, we find a massacre. We’d have to pivot the ship starboard. 
I sit alone for an hour or more till a sullen man comes to join me. Around House Ceres, the smoke rises in a sullen crown. There were only three other students: two extremely nervous-looking first-years and a sullen-faced Slytherin fifth-year. It was as if she was trying to hide her sullen, forlorn expression. 
He tosses me his flask and I fall into tentative step beside him. A tentative smile on quivering lips as the rider approaches. A tentative alliance exists between the Rising and the Moon Lords, one that will not last long. Cassius puts a tentative hand on the cell door, as if he’s afraid he’ll push and find it locked and we’ll laugh at him and all the hope we’ve given him will be ripped away. 
With asteroids hurled from the asteroid belt and mass drivers at her equator, he spun her out of her torpor and into an agreeable dance, her days now like her sister’s. Sustained by your torpor. She is an island of regret, bled of pride, of spirit, and swollen with the torpor of loss. To reject this torpor of self-interest. 
He was still clutching the sword of Gryffindor, and wore a strange look; half truculent, half intrigued. Don’t be truculent,” Bellerephon says. But her mouth is truculent, her eyes not so empty as they should be. Her dazzling eyes and truculent mouth. 
“I thought the vain ones went to Apollo and Venus.” “Maybe you shouldn’t be so vain. “That darling boy is so vain he could make a thunderstorm be about him.” Albus Dumbledore was never proud or vain; he could find something to value in anyone, however apparently insignificant or wretched, and I believe that his early losses endowed him with great humanity and sympathy. 
Her father’s visage watches me from the razor on her arm. The exhaustion burning away from her face as she adopts the serene, matronly visage I remember telling me: “Obedience. Even Rem did not notice the slight tremble on the side of her neutral visage. —But the faintest trace of a vile odor remained lodged in a corner of Rem’s mind.When she pulls the pack away, our handsome friend is gone, replaced by a thuggish visage with a primitive forehead, a bulbous, veiny nose, chipped ears, and a slack mouth with engorged, lazy lips. 
Stringy and wry, with sparkling, bright eyes and an easy way with the women, even though he brings up his wife, the most beautiful woman who has apparently ever walked the surface of Mars, at least twice a minute. If Dumbledore –’ ‘Ah, well, you’ve put your finger on the problem,’ said Mr Weasley with a wry smile. The girl pointed at the bag, her lips cracking into a wry smile. I sip my ginger tea, wishing Philippe were here to lend his wry opinion. 
Not of Lykos, or Eo or Mustang. I hunch against it, putting one boot after the other, connected with Mustang and Holiday by rope in the Obsidian way so we don’t lose one another in the blizzard. Blood drips from Mustang’s hand. 
“Salve, friends,” he says as their eyes search his face and see the Peerless scar there. “Salve, my goodman,” I say. Salve, Accipiter Vega.” 
Subaru, left in abject defeat, had only the scent of the high-priced tea, largely left untouched, to console him. He stared in abject shock while Al toyed with the gap of his helm with his left hand and tilted his head a bit. Tharsus stares at him in abject horror. 
The cloud of smoke vanished as Mundungus stowed his pipe back in his pocket, but an acrid smell of burning socks lingered. Not just the acrid air and the dim sky, but the unforgiving stone, the Spartan decor—empty rooms, no chairs, and an incredible adherence to cleanliness and martial virtue. He flails against the inferno like a thrashing mantis, his skin contracting and boiling and swelling and blackening as the air of the room fills with acrid smoke. 
Cassius leads and I follow the trail, our razors held behind us at a diagonal as Aja taught us, our aegis arms held before us, bracers cold and inert but ready to spring into a meter-square energy shield at a moment’s notice. Wulfgar flings up his aegis, and the pearlescent energy shield blossoms from his right arm. Bellerephon could rip off Cassius’s arm from the elbow down, but he’s caught in the middle of his acrobatics, expecting to meet the aegis again and for the whip to bounce back. 
I follow Valentin to a table in an alcove near the back of the hall where a young man lounges behind a pack of mercenaries and a single Obsidian. Churned snow outside a rocky alcove large enough for several dozen men. A length of cypress forms the tokonoma, a raised alcove where a small tree grows and a razor hangs in midair above a gravWell. 
I don’t understand why she’s so apprehensive. ‘OK,’ said Harry, trying to sound as though he wasn’t apprehensive at all and merely glad that Lupin had found such a good substitute for a real Dementor. From what Harry could see of their faces (they were standing in Madame Maxime’s enormous shadow), they were staring up at Hogwarts with apprehensive looks on their faces. 
The frantic Mayday calls of my friends tortured me as I crossed the void, slipping farther and farther away from my son and wife toward bedlam. It is bedlam. They swarm to her to climb her jigsaw bedlam of human and metal ladders. 
“Or a Copper cambist beleaguered by filing provincial tax returns,” Leto adds. Alia turns back to us, beleaguered. AFTER THE PATIO IS SECURED, Tharsus sits with a robe around him in a chair apart from the bodies, his initial shock having given way to beleaguered contempt. 
Myrtle gave a tragic sob, rose up in the air, turned over and dived head first into the toilet, splashing water all over them and vanishing from sight; from the direction of her muffled sobs, she had come to rest somewhere in the U-bend. I pass through dimmed halls, past Orange technicians and Blue systems operators, who quiet and bend as I pass through metal halls down to the bowels of the ship, where Golds never tread. ‘When you say you had lots in common,’ said Ron, sounding rather amused now, ‘d’you mean he lives in an S-bend, too?’ 
He stands benevolent and loving above her, touching her head with his hand. Welders and repairmen dot hulls like benevolent barnacles. Meaning he truly is a benevolent bystander.” 
Cars rattle out exhaust in clogged beacon-lit boulevards. Soon we leave the industrial Stacks behind, trading the dim recesses for the neon advertisements that bathe the space boulevards of the midSector. Thank you for your time, your emails, letters, and thoughts, all of which breathe new life into the veins of Darrow’s world and made me ache to return to the windswept tunnels of Mars, and the freezing sulfur flats of Io, and the manic boulevards of Luna. 
They turn to us now amidst large, smoking braziers. The fourth breath that moves the curtains and twists the flames in the braziers and brings the snow of Hyperion in through an open window and makes Cassius’s cape dance in the wind is that of Luna’s winter. Her face remains the same, but her eyes search the shadows cast by Atalantia’s braziers as Seraphina steps forward. 
Io is the breadbasket to any world along Jupiter’s orbital path. She’s a farm deck with the biggest breadbasket between Mars and Uranus with easy gravity and cheap land. “Thought you were sitting on a breadbasket here. 
‘You’ve had an owl,’ said Ron brusquely, the moment he walked in. Harry heard him say brusquely to the goblins, and Bagman hurried through the pub towards Harry, his boyish grin back in place. ‘I don’t believe it,’ said Phineas brusquely. 
A Gold girl flips past me and flies out the bulkhead. My thumb picks at a wad of pink gum stuck to the rusted bulkhead. Above me on the bulkhead, the words of my fallen house glare down at me, etched into the metal. 
Resentment will swell like a Copper bureaucracy. Just leave me my bureaucracy, please.” He could appreciate it on logical and practical grounds, but his aversion to it was no doubt an instinctive reaction to something so emblematic of bureaucracy. 
And the gulls that careen overhead much larger, much fiercer as they spin and dive into the water of a sea so blue I cannot tell where ocean ends and sky begins. Screams careen in from everywhere, swirling and swarming around me. Guided by Colloway, fist-sized drones careen through the sky to feed data into my helmet. 
They mine with meter-long drills, gobbling up the chaff. “So that was your chaff I’d be dodging deep.” Orion’s ships fire chaff, creating a corridor to protect our mad approach. 
We’ve yet to see so much as a half-credit chit. “I’m sure you eagles have squirreled away some chit in hidden nests.” “But if you want to point me on my way, might be some chit in it for you.” 
‘Yeah, he’s nipping off to the Chamber of Secrets for a cup of tea with his fanged servant,’ said George, chortling. “No, that’s not what I’m laughing at,” the man said through his chortling. Malfoy was talking animatedly to Crabbe and Goyle, who were chortling. 
After half an hour of lying there with his insides churning, he got up, dressed, and went down to breakfast early, where he found the rest of the Gryffindor team huddled at the long, empty table, all looking uptight and not speaking much. I roar as I jam my fingers into the cracks and lift it up, hurling it backward over my head to reveal water churning with pale bodies and blood. No matter the tech or the tactics, it all comes down to terrifying moments crouching chalk-mouthed at a corner as a friend lays down cover fire and you try not to trip over the hi-tech gear that’s wrapped around your body as you advance, head lowered, legs churning. 
I try to sniff, but my nose is clogged tight with congealed blood from nostril to nasal cavity. Harry noticed that the contents proved difficult to empty into the Pensieve, as though they had congealed slightly; did memories go off? His legs have been congealed into a single crooked stump from the heat of a particle blast. 
Then I remember my broken arm, my injured ribs, and the contusion over my eye, and cut those chances in half. But there’s a contusion on his forehead from shrapnel. Face one large contusion. 
They crawl along the girders, thin legs disproportionate to their corpulent abdomens. But now that very armada quakes from the inside like a corpulent body as some alien chews its way out of the host. ‘I hope this means,’ said the corpulent, red-nosed wizard who hung on the wall behind the Headmaster’s desk, ‘that Dumbledore will soon be back among us?’ 
Mickey sits on the edge of my cot stroking my hair well into the nights. As a Red child, I shared my small cot with Kieran. At the sight of him, she dropped her son into the cot behind her and threw her arms wide, as if this would help, as if in shielding him from sight she hoped to be chosen instead … ‘Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry!’ 
But there are twenty-eight of us and none of us is an Animagus, so we wouldn’t need so much an Invisibility Cloak as an Invisibility Marquee –’ ‘Fair point,’ said Sirius, looking slightly crestfallen. ‘Nice try,’ Harry murmured to Hermione, who looked crestfallen. Parvati set off for Divination five minutes later looking slightly crestfallen. 
It’s a crude Red circle with an arrow and cross-hatching. It’s a devilish system, pins down boarding forces as security teams with digital keys run about the ship at ease, flanking and creating deadly killboxes and cross-fires that can shred even a boarding party like mine. Harry pulled his ankle out of the Grindylows’ grip and swam as fast as he could, occasionally sending more jets of hot water over his shoulder at random; every now and then he felt one of the Grindylows snatch at his foot again, and kicked out, hard; finally, he felt his foot connect with a horned skull, and looking back, saw the dazed Grindylow floating away, cross-eyed, while its fellows shook their fists at Harry, and sank back into the weed. 
He laughs a derisive laugh, one that scorns the idea that I would know anything about the storms of court, anything about the winds that blow. He has his reasons … you see, Sirius here played a trick on him which nearly killed him, a trick which involved me –’ Black made a derisive noise. One of the Beauxbatons girls still clutching a muffler around her head gave what was unmistakeably a derisive laugh. 
Branches caught at Harry’s hair and robes, but he lay quiescent, his mouth lolling open, his eyes shut, and in the darkness, while the Death Eaters crowed all around them, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed neck of Harry Potter … The two giants crashed along behind the Death Eaters; Harry could hear trees creaking and falling as they passed; they made so much din that birds rose, shrieking, into the sky and even the jeers of the Death Eaters were drowned. A throaty din rises from Assimilation Camp 121 as I enter its open gates. Where the din of battle is the loudest, he will come. 
The cell’s emaciated occupant lies in the corner, legs curled up in a fetal position, spine to me. He was emaciated, the bones of his face sticking out sharply against the yellowish skin. What does is emaciated and skeletal. 
It started facile. The fingered harmonics and left-hand pizzicato are facile enough, but the arpeggios are a Herculean labor.” For a facile existence of wetting your prick in myriad holes? 
Two leechCraft festoon her. Homeless vagrants festoon the floors of the shadowy metal halls. On the display, the Severus-Julii ships are separating from the Sword Armada and firing at each other to try and skin away the leechCraft which festoon them. 
A thousand ships skimming over the Southern Sea, burning helium to set down on the ice before Obsidian cities and lower their ramps to the hundreds and thousands of giants swaddled in fur and iron who will fill their hulls with the old, the sick, the warriors, the children, and the fetid stink of animals. Then she closed her eyes and several things happened at once: Harry’s scar prickled painfully; the Horcrux twitched so that the front of his sweater actually moved; the dark, fetid room dissolved momentarily. Cold, fetid air from the tunnels rolls through the car. 
Then we see a golden flier pierce a cloud. Mustang and I set our little two-person flier down on the east-northeast coast of the Pacific Rim, at the edge of a rain forest on a great peninsula. In the distance, hungry wolves howl as my body jostles in the back of the flier as she ascends into the flow of traffic. 
Flags were waving all over the stadium, the Irish national anthem blared from all sides; the Veela were shrinking back into their usual, beautiful selves now, though looking dispirited and forlorn. It was as if she was trying to hide her sullen, forlorn expression. The chickens had been shut away, the yard had been swept and the nearby garden had been pruned, plucked and generally spruced up, although Harry, who liked it in its overgrown state, thought that it looked rather forlorn without its usual contingent of capering gnomes. 
Each crossbone is an incapacitated opponent, who are often healed by medBots and then thrown back into the fray. I join the fray as Aja gains separation, stumbling back from us. They load errant packs of aerial infantry into starShells, and send them into the fray. 
She looks frigid, from what I’ve seen, just on the HC, you know?” Then, with a measured nod, she pulls an iron key from her riding cloak and steps toward me. — The stairs of the Way of Stains are frigid and gusty, and switch back devilishly into the sky through the clouds. The frigid words reverberated throughout the chamber. 
I forgot this is a race that fights like hell to earn its frivolous things because it loves those things so much. My contract ends on the final evening of the Summit, where all ruling families gather on Luna to deal with matters pressing and frivolous. It was in complete contrast to his frivolous manner. 
Recharging our battery packs to our ghostCloaks, we duck into a gallery where lurks a gaudy purple metallic dog shaped like a balloon animal. “Your stateroom’s gaudy enough to a make a Silver blush.” Slippery Politicos in their slick suits, fingers laden with gaudy rings.” 
They crawl along the girders, thin legs disproportionate to their corpulent abdomens. Magnetic boots clutching metal girders, they skitter across the building, melting through the viewports and entering with extreme prejudice. I heave myself around them, gripping girders to tighten my turns around corners. 
Victra glowers. Roque glowers at her. Diomedes glowers down at us, as do the others. 
Nose still stinging where it had hit the hearth, Harry made his way swiftly and silently towards the door, but before he’d got halfway towards it, two people appeared on the other side of the glass – and one of them was the very last person Harry wanted to meet when he was lost, covered in soot and wearing broken glasses: Draco Malfoy. But when she sat before my hearth as a girl beside Pax and my children, what stories did I read them? The snake, on the other hand, was curled up on the rotting hearth-rug, like some horrible travesty of a pet dog. 
They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora Charm. Harry heaved on the rope. Uncle Vernon heaved himself out of his chair and set off down the hall. 
Gun turrets dot their hide like barnacles, and hangar bays slice their undersides like great gills. I will make a coat of your hide.” Skin like rhino hide an’ all.’ 
Apollo watches me, impervious in his armor. A long walk in the grounds seemed indicated, during which – if they had time – they might discuss the match. — CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE — The Seer Overheard The fact that Harry Potter was going out with Ginny Weasley seemed to interest a great number of people, most of them girls, yet Harry found himself newly and happily impervious to gossip over the next few weeks. It has four inches of rolled steel with an analog tumbler lock instead of a digital mechanism, which makes it impervious to electronic incursion. 
Others curse at the impropriety, at the gall of Augustus. He does not value impudence or impropriety unless it benefits him. She looked at Subaru’s red face and ragged breathing with her eyes narrowed in disapproval at the impropriety. 
Despite the fear I feel at my incarceration, I can’t help but be enamored by the testament to human will. Recall for me, for my memory has a tide unto itself, did I not promise you something upon the genesis of my incarceration here?” And I used the devices nature and nurture provided me to lessen the blunt impact of incarceration. 
He was incorrigible the whole journey out here. Emilia grabbed Puck’s ears for his incorrigible behavior and tossed him into the air to make him ponder the error of his ways. “…My goodness, Subaru, you really are incorrigible.” 
His jowls hang over the high black collar of his uniform. There were purple patches on his sunken, veined cheeks, his jowls were aquiver and his thin grey hair dishevelled; he had obviously run here. “Hear, hear,” a rotund bald man says through his jowls. 
The old metal girders are laced with silk. “The food was laced with something?” She pops a laced burner into her mouth and lights up, I shake my head when she offers me a drag. 
He lowered his hood, shook out a long mane of grizzled, dark grey hair, then began to walk up towards the teachers’ table. Moody took out a register, shook his long mane of grizzled grey hair out of his twisted and scarred face and began to call out names, his normal eye moving steadily down the list while his magical eye swivelled around, fixing upon each student as he or she answered. ‘All right,’ he said angrily, ‘pick one and get on, then.’ — CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR — The Department of Mysteries Harry wound his hand tightly into the mane of the nearest Thestral, placed a foot on a stump nearby and scrambled clumsily on to the horse’s silken back. 
“They got us dinner … and breakfast,” Lea says meekly from beside Roque. “We helped ourselves as best we could,” I say meekly. ‘Yes, Molly, dear,’ said Mr Weasley meekly. 
The people milling about were in high spirits, which was why we couldn’t go down to be among them. All the students milling around belonged to a completely different world than me, and they seemed so fortunate and happy. Swill and Society liquors flow among the milling crowds, which gather in hangars to sing and dance around weapons of war. 
So we had to find a nice deserted moor, and set up as many anti-Muggle precautions as possible. They had arrived on what appeared to be a deserted stretch of misty moor. Then a tear near the brim opened wide like a mouth, and the hat broke into song: ‘A thousand years or more ago, When I was newly sewn, There lived four wizards of renown, Whose names are still well known: Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor, Fair Ravenclaw, from glen, Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad, Shrewd Slytherin, from fen. 
He reached the hall, which was a little lighter owing to the large mullioned windows either side of the front door, and started to climb the stairs, blessing the dust which lay thick upon the stone, because it muffled the sound of his feet and stick. Other students, nearly all of them fifth-years, sat at lamp-lit tables nearby, noses close to books, quills scratching feverishly, while the sky outside the mullioned windows grew steadily blacker. The ceiling of the Great Hall was serenely blue and streaked with frail, wispy clouds, just like the squares of sky visible through the high mullioned windows. 
They throw fig leaves and cheer wildly, climbing the Field’s martial statues and marble obelisks to see me better. Carved into Io’s highest mountain, the eighteen-kilometer-high Boösaule, Sungrave is a city of black stone obelisks and spires that rides the shoulders of the mountain range. Cloudy eyes set in sun-ravaged faces stare up at the sun, at the stone obelisks, at the meager cubes of protein cupped in their blistered hands, at their leader who brought them to this cursed place, and see nothing but darkness. 
A palpable discomfort even being near him, much less meeting those dead gold orbs. There’s a pause on the other line, the relief in the voice palpable even through the static. A sense of excitement rose like a palpable cloud over the campsite as the afternoon wore on. 
A smirk on his bored, patrician face. He’s half a head taller than I, and broader in the shoulders and manlier in the features—a thick, pointed beard, a prominent bold nose, where my face is thin and patrician, like most from the Palatine Hill. His sunburnt skin is drawn tight and flakes around patrician cheekbones. 
He’s always wanted the same, but he’s found that without the pedigree, merit takes you only so far. “Do you know how badly a Pixie would pay to get a Peerless with my pedigree and connections in their debt? Just because you have a little talent, a little more power than others, a pedigree just a little finer than others, you need to flaunt in others’ faces… You are quite a child, I will have you know.” 
We break for a lunch of pillaged olives and goat meat. The appetites of Luna have pillaged my planet long before I was born. “The Sons of Ares pillaged it months ago. 
Fudge, a portly little man in a long, pinstriped cloak, looked cold and exhausted. Cornelius Fudge, sweating slightly in his pinstriped cloak, was standing there staring out at the grounds. ‘Muggle women wear them, Archie, not the men, they wear these,’ said the Ministry wizard, and he brandished the pinstriped trousers. 
They have shows produced to entertain and placate the masses. I smile to placate them. So, whenever you need leaves or wood from a tree in which a Bowtruckle lodges, it is wise to have a gift of woodlice ready to distract or placate it. 
Gilderoy Lockhart was sitting there, humming placidly to himself. I let my razor curl placidly around my arm. Professor Trelawney continued placidly, ‘We will be covering the basic methods of Divination this year. 
‘He’s really very handsome most of the time: wonderful red and gold plumage. His glittering eyes peer out from eyelashes that would put peacock plumage to shame. The size of a swan, with magnificent scarlet and gold plumage, he swished his long tail and blinked benignly at Harry. 
They stare up at the huge claw drills and evaporate as Victra’s shuttle fires a railgun at them from point-blank range. Then I fire the gravity gun point-blank at a Gray who just gained his feet. By the time they see us coming to their right, we’re amongst them, firing point-blank and drenching our blades. 
‘Would anyone like me to help them interpret the shadowy portents within their Orb?’ ‘The movements of the planets and the mysterious portents they reveal only to those who understand the steps of the celestial dance. ‘I was strolling along, brooding upon certain Dark portents I happen to have glimpsed …’ But Harry was not paying much attention. 
Assaults like this are not protracted things. Another pause, more protracted, and then – ‘Without Harry Potter?’ “I fear that in this disunity we will sink back into the hideous epoch from which we escaped, and that the new dark age will be crueler, more sinister, and more protracted by the malice which we have awoken in our enemies. 
That was your father’s purview. “So a mere knight speaks to us about political affairs beyond his purview…?” “It is the purview of the Fates to request to add charges. 
We’ve rebuffed the Society’s countless reinforcements and we have insurrection in every street and we have cornered the Jackal after years of warfare. yelled Sir Cadogan in a muffled voice from behind his visor, but Harry merely walked on and when Sir Cadogan attempted to follow him by running into a neighbouring picture, he was rebuffed by its inhabitant, a large and angry-looking wolfhound. Kendra, of course, had rebuffed Bathilda when she first attempted to welcome the family to the village. 
Make a quick reconnoiter.” “By Juno’s cunt, your catamite is sensitive, Raa,” Ajax purrs, playing it off as a farce instead of a temperament reconnoiter. I send a message to the Howlers: “Alexandar, tell Thraxa to reconnoiter Angelia. 
They had only been at it for a couple of minutes, however, when a shout rent the still air. And then, without warning, the silence was rent by a voice unlike any they had heard in the wood; and it uttered, not a panicked shout, but what sounded like a spell. The sharp branch ruptured its hide, making a dull sound as it rent the beast’s flesh. 
There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump. But I feel more alone than ever sitting here in a concrete room with these three pale people on rickety plastic chairs. They were in what seemed to be a crowded reception area where rows of witches and wizards sat upon rickety wooden chairs, some looking perfectly normal and perusing out-of-date copies of Witch Weekly, others sporting gruesome disfigurements such as elephant trunks or extra hands sticking out of their chests. 
“Like a woman in heat,” Pollux says sardonically. she said sardonically, as Crookshanks curled up in her lap. ‘Dear, dear,’ said Professor McGonagall sardonically, as one of the dragons soared around her classroom, emitting loud bangs and exhaling flame. 
Smiling serenely, Hermione placed the beetle back inside her schoolbag. The ceiling of the Great Hall was serenely blue and streaked with frail, wispy clouds, just like the squares of sky visible through the high mullioned windows. Finally, the shadow serenely stretched her fingers out toward Subaru, who was nearly in tears. “—ve you.” 
He was tired of people skirting around him in the corridors, as though he was about to sprout fangs or spit poison; tired of all the muttering, pointing and hissing as he passed. You’re in the field so often, skirting around provinces, hunting through the tunnels and seas and ghettos. Pressing her finger to her lips, she led him on tiptoe past a pair of long, moth-eaten curtains, behind which Harry supposed there must be another door, and after skirting a large umbrella stand that looked as though it had been made from a severed troll’s leg they started up the dark staircase, passing a row of shrunken heads mounted on plaques on the wall. 
I squabbed that one up. “I squabbed up your position next to the Sovereign.” “Our shielding kept us up, but half my fleet’s engines are squabbed. 
Grumbling, we roll out of double bunk beds and set out from the keep to the castle’s square, where we stretch, then set off at a run. You’re square, Doc. He was as shabby as ever but looked healthier than he had on the train, as though he had had a few square meals. 
Podginus croons with that supercilious inflection uppity Coppers favor. said Fudge, with a very supercilious look on his face. After a supercilious inspection, she clapped her hands together and announced, “Oh-ho. 
Crabbe and Goyle guffawed sycophantically, but Malfoy had to stop there, because Hagrid emerged from the back of his cabin, holding a teetering tower of crates, each containing a very large Blast-Ended Skrewt. Malfoy laughed loudly and sycophantically. ‘Yeah,’ said Ron sycophantically, ‘that makes sense.’ 
I strip a stick away from one of the Bellona cousins, leveling her with an elbow to her temple. Harry could see a vein flickering horribly on Snape’s greasy temple. I don’t even see her strike as the meat of her palm collides with the side of my temple. 
‘Changing rooms,’ said Wood tersely. ‘Right,’ said Harry tersely. Emilia smiled back, albeit tersely, standing in the corner of the garden as she engaged in her daily conversation with lesser spirits under the shade of a tree. 
His face is like snow, but his belt is fastened into a tourniquet. She tightens a tourniquet around her leg, looking back into the hole. “Pollox, tourniquet,” Lilath instructs. 
Karkaroff had a fruity, unctuous voice; when he stepped into the light pouring from the front doors of the castle, they saw that he was tall and thin like Dumbledore, but his white hair was short, and his goatee (finishing in a small curl) did not entirely hide his rather weak chin. Inside the shop, Borgin remained frozen; his unctuous smile had vanished; he looked worried. “No, but on the Rim, we geld unctuous Obsidians,” Seraphina replies. 
Harry and Ron had barely finished their third helpings of Christmas pudding when Hermione ushered them out of the Hall to finalise their plans for the evening. Ninety-nine other students are ushered in till each box is filled. Ron stared as Professor McGonagall ushered Harry and Hermione away from the chattering crowd; they accompanied her across the Entrance Hall, up the marble staircase and along a corridor. 
The Bellona would come with Grays, Obsidians, Golds, and despite all their vaunted honor, they would destroy every last woman and child with any means at their disposal. I pray she cannot feel this pain across the void, this fear that consumes me despite all my vaunted strength and foolish bluster. “Is it the planet asking why House Lune hid the Storm God from their vaunted ally?” 
Harry whiled away the hours until dawn in front of the fire, getting up every now and then to stop Crookshanks sneaking up the boys’ staircase again. Harry, Bill and Mrs Weasley whiled away the afternoon with a long walk around the castle, and then returned to the Great Hall for the evening feast. Harry and Ron whiled away most of the journey playing wizard chess while Hermione read out snippets from the Prophet. 
word of the French Revolution), from aristocratie (see ARISTOCRACY). aristocratic adj. of, belonging to, or typical of the aristocracy: an aristocratic family. aristocratically adv. early 17th century: from French aristocratique, from Greek aristokratikos, from aristokratia (see ARISTOCRACY). a member of the aristocracy. late 18th century: from French aristocrate (a word of the French Revolution), from aristocratie (see ARISTOCRACY). aristocratic 
Other notable films include Meet Me in St Louis (1944) and A Star is Born (1954). garland n. 1 a wreath of flowers and leaves, worn on the head or hung as a decoration. 3 ARCHAIC a literary anthology or miscellany. v. [with obj.] decorate with a garland: they were garlanded with flowers. 
3 ARCHAIC thrash; beat. curry favour ingratiate oneself with someone through obsequious behaviour: a wimpish attempt to curry favour with the new bosses. [ alteration of Middle English curry favel, from the name (Favel or Fauvel) of a chestnut horse in a 14th-cent. from Greek sukophantēs ‘informer’, from sukon ‘fig’ + phainein ‘to show’, perhaps with reference to making the insulting gesture of the ‘fig’ (sticking the thumb between two fingers) to informers. sycophantic adj. behaving or done in an obsequious way in order to gain advantage: a sycophantic interview. sycophantically adv. sycosis 
It rises at the Vinson Massif, the highest point in Antarctica, to 5,140 m (16,863 ft). elm (also elm tree) n. a tall deciduous tree which typically has rough serrated leaves and propagates from root suckers. chiefly [BOTANY] serrated: leaves with serrate margins. mid 17th century: from late Latin serratus, from Latin serra ‘saw’. serrated 
Rest were saved by the Amnesty declared by the Sovereign. I know I’m not a Gold rapist or mass murderer, but in the spirit of the Amnesty, surely you can find it in your heart to forgive.” 
But for all that tending, it’s the Archi’s scars I love the most. Didn’t you say he wanted to cut your head off and send the Archi into Jupiter? 
His eyes narrow and Asiatic. Sometimes it seemed an insane idea, just as it had on the night Hermione had proposed it, but at others, he had found himself thinking about the spells that had served him best in his various encounters with Dark creatures and Death Eaters – found himself, in fact, subconsciously planning lessons … ‘Well,’ he said slowly, when he could no longer pretend to find Asiatic Anti-Venoms interesting, ‘yeah, I – I’ve thought about it a bit.’ 
Balderdash.’ ‘Balderdash,’ said Harry dully. 
He kept saying nobody in their right mind would rather study Knarls than Chimaeras – oh, I don’t think he’s got a Chimaera,’ she added at the appalled look on Harry and Ron’s faces, ‘but that’s not for lack of trying, from what he said about how hard it is to get eggs. Now the fire was mutating, forming a gigantic pack of fiery beasts: flaming serpents, Chimaeras and dragons rose and fell and rose again, and the detritus of centuries on which they were feeding was thrown up in the air into their fanged mouths, tossed high on clawed feet, before being consumed by the inferno. 
Harry turned back to the remaining owls. Finally, Harry was the only passenger left. 
Detonations shake the moon as Holiday and I run through the halls. Stalwart Holiday walks at their center, the snub-nosed woman doing her best to keep them in line. 
I don’t plan on fighting a battle where I need to for a while. ‘You’re eating again, I notice,’ said Ron, watching Hermione add liberal amounts of jam to her buttered toast. 
And the bravery she showed in storming the Morning Star with Sefi and me around Ilium has bought her their respect. But now, six hundred years after the first ice was carved from Europa and transported to Io, she has become the breadbasket of Ilium—as the Jovian Moon Lords prefer to call their cluster of moons. 
A horned Minotaur helmet. His holobanner glows in the sky above him, three times his own size: the raging head of a purple Minotaur, inviting all to come dance and die. 
I’ve known him since he was a street rat fresh off the boat from Earth, pickpocketing on the Promenade with more acne on his face than hair in his head. I can see the neon stain of holo advertisements through the gray clouds and a checkpoint up guarding the entrance to the Promenade levels above the smog. 
Not with the Senate so divided at home. “That’s why Octavia has the Senate rounded up,” Mustang says in disgust. 
She controls the twelve Olympic Knights, legions of Peerless Scarred, and Obsidians as innumerable as the stars. She sighs. 
My personal valet, Theodora, smiles to her younger charges at the bridge’s valet station. A coterie of Sons of Ares waits for us instead, led by Theodora. 
Venusian beach regalia. He’s thinner than Cassius and twice again as aristocratic, from an old Venusian family. 
When the next song ended, everybody applauded once more, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman kiss Professor McGonagall’s hand and make his way back through the crowds, at which point Fred and George accosted him. I am here because of Morfin, Morfin and the Muggle he accosted late last night. 
Amidst the maze are little alcoves. Machines that shudder in unseen alcoves and rooms. 
Back to the bridge door, I stare across the circular, exposed antechamber to the bridge and remember how my instructor at the Academy demonstrated the geometric deadliness of the space for anyone besieging a starburst bridge design like this. CASSIUS IS LOST IN THOUGHT, staring up at a dragon carved into the stone of the antechamber. 
A hideous spider-legged slug with corpse-pale skin and a belly riddled with small, hungry apertures. From its apertures, thin tentacles push past layers of pallid flesh toward his face. 
The aquiline angles of his face catch the ship’s warroom lights, hollowing his cheeks and giving him the look of a falcon peering down its beak. A Gold Praetorian with an aquiline face and gray at the temples of his short-cropped hair materializes in front of me. 
To the south, past Heliopolis, commandos install missile systems, mines, and anti-infantry microwave cannons in the tropic archipelagos and deep jungles that sprawl into the Caliban Sea. High, arching bridges link complex systems of archipelagos, some of which migrate into the northern sea in the late summer. 
When they’ve decided I’m clean, they put a distortion hood over my head that’s set to submerge my senses in an arid, desert world. Few features interrupt the arid playa. 
With no way to move them without someone noticing, Mustang, a Gold aristocrat, has conceived the most audacious plan in the history of the Sons of Ares. Perhaps it was mandatory in an aristocrat’s mansion, the better to show off the master’s authority to other parties. 
But if you choose this path, if you renege on our armistice, there will be no quarter. They’re voting on the armistice soon.” 
We’re arrayed in an odd way. The Ash Lord has arrayed the Scepter Armada, the pride of the Core, around Luna in defensive formation. 
“I will not stand aspersions against my honor,” Antonia snaps at Mustang, puffing up her chest. “Do not cast aspersions upon me with your petty delusions, Al. 
Which makes me think something here is amiss as we reach an unlit atrium with unpolished sandstone floors perforated by pink jasmine trees and slink across the floor in a V formation toward the set of double doors that leads to Quicksilver’s bedroom suite. He stands in my circular marble atrium, eying the sculptures. 
For all Augustus’s personal austerity, he knows the importance of grandeur. Hated my husband’s austerity. 
We hear it detonate ten levels above us as the gravLift deposits us on level negative three in the auxiliary hangar. “Then there’s a shuttle waiting for you in the auxiliary hangar on this level,” Mustang says evenly. 
I am aroused by greed and avarice and a vortex of libido!” In other words, she was announcing that she sought the royal throne out of her own avarice. 
Ron’s tiny owl was twittering madly on the top of the icicle-laden banisters, a scroll of parchment tied to his leg. The three of them looked cautiously over the banisters. 
We bank sideways and I see the riders tilting their masked faces up to the sky to see the faint light that is Phobos. I bank up and see the Howlers destroying the rest of the gun installations. 
And when it was over, perhaps she would stare at me with disdain and offer one of her usual barbs: “Are you satisfied?” She looks back to Vela, amused by her own barbs. 
” Victra looks at me with her flashing, belligerent eyes. It’s not a question of slipping him a potion, anyone could do that –’ ‘How d’you spell “belligerent”?’ 
I bellow. She lifts me up with a horrible bellow. 
Harry, still clutching the telescope and trainers, jumped the last few stairs and followed Dumbledore, who had settled himself in the armchair nearest the fire and was taking in the surroundings with an expression of benign interest. The ever-present tension that a benign ridge will suddenly come alive with anti-aircraft fire. 
The size of a swan, with magnificent scarlet and gold plumage, he swished his long tail and blinked benignly at Harry. Professor Umbridge was standing stock-still, staring at Dumbledore, who continued to smile benignly. 
I look up to see the Obsidian shuffle forward, rummage through an alligator skin billfold and pull out a teardrop diamond that he sets in the Duke’s hand. I keep my hand on my billfold in my pocket. 
He looked like an overgrown bird of prey. But I have eyes only for the lonely bird of prey that stands at the center of all the silly, vain, power-hungry little pigeons. 
Two more of my Oathbreakers leap onto the highDrafts’ horses and bludgeon the riders with clubs and blunted axes. After Boggarts, they studied Red Caps, nasty little goblin-like creatures that lurked wherever there had been bloodshed, in the dungeons of castles and the potholes of deserted battlefields, waiting to bludgeon those who had got lost. 
But his vanity is so deep that he thinks affectation a sign of boorish decadence. I find the lack of either boorish. 
A heavy railgun with a boring round in the chamber levels at my head. “Lyria,” she says, eyes boring into me. 
And they nip at the four white horses that pull my chariot from the grand boulevard into the white-stoned Field of Mars that stretches before the Citadel’s grounds. Thrown by children from windows, they twirl lazily down from the steel towers that grow to either side of the Luna boulevard. 
‘Muggle women wear them, Archie, not the men, they wear these,’ said the Ministry wizard, and he brandished the pinstriped trousers. She brandished her wand at a torch on the wall and it flew out of its bracket: Harry, about to curse Snape, was forced to pull Luna out of the way of the descending flames, which became a ring of fire that filled the corridor and flew like a lasso at Snape – Then it was no longer fire, but a great, black serpent that McGonagall blasted to smoke, which reformed and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of pursuing daggers: Snape avoided them only by forcing the suit of armour in front of him, and wit
They watched in astonishment as the little knight tugged his sword out of its scabbard and began brandishing it violently, hopping up and down in rage. ‘Let me get this straight,’ he said after a while, brandishing a fresh chicken leg. 
But Roque’s fleet is nimble and ten squadrons divide from the rest, orientating themselves so their bristling broadsides face the bows of the Moon Lord ships coming up from the planet’s south pole and rake them with railgun fire. Hermione whispered, bristling at her. 
All the shuttles are black with a giant gold crescent on their broad chassis, but the thickest of them, one with larger engines and a reinforced hull, is the Sovereign’s.  spotless appliances: Ron, long and lanky; Hermione, her bushy hair tied back in a long plait; Fred and George, grinning identically; Bill, badly scarred and long-haired; Mr Weasley, kind-faced, balding, his spectacles a little awry; Mad-Eye, battle-worn, one-legged, his bright blue magical eye whizzing in its socket; Tonks, whose short hair was her favourite shade of bright pink; Lupin, greyer, more lined; Fleur, slender and beautiful, with her long, silvery blonde hair; Kingsley, bald, black, broad-shouldered; Hagrid, with his wild hair and beard, standing hunchbacked to avoid hitting his head on the ceiling, and Mundungus Fletcher, small, dirty and hangdog, with his droopy, basset hound’s eyes and matted hair. 
As Smith strode away in an annoyingly buoyant fashion, Ron glared after him. Subaru’s cheeks softened without him realizing it at the sight of the familiar buoyant faces. 
As if it was a cache meant to be acquired by an Imperator on the way to my home…” “Romulus, I realize how this looks….” “It’s a cache of Lagavulin. 
The Hufflepuffs were approaching from the opposite side of the pitch, wearing canary-yellow robes. Just then, Neville caused a slight diversion by turning into a large canary. 
‘And in your family, so in the world … we shall cut away the canker that infects us until only those of the true blood remain …’ Voldemort raised Lucius Malfoy’s wand, pointed it directly at the slowly revolving figure suspended over the table and gave it a tiny flick. I’m like Philippe: just another canker. 
The lights bathe its metal carapace in pale blue. A brittle layer of thermal soak tiles in the entry carapace absorbs the heat and sheds away. 
And there, on a citadel landing platform in what was once the heart of Gold power, Cassius au Bellona and I shake hands and say farewell, almost six years to the day since we first met. — Weeks later, I watch the waves lap at the shore as a gull careens overhead. Debris careens past. 
“By Juno’s cunt, your catamite is sensitive, Raa,” Ajax purrs, playing it off as a farce instead of a temperament reconnoiter. “The beast reported a sprightly catamite nipping at Bellona’s heels.” 
Each row is accessed by a network of giant causeways where men in starShells can walk. I hear them ahead of me, their tribal voices echoing as they move into the ship through the transfer causeways. 
Since he’s employed her help in his project they’ve been spending most waking moments in his laboratory, much to Virany’s chagrin. And all because…” Old Man Rom looked up to the heavens, his hoarse voice quivering with chagrin and something powerful and inexpressible. 
“And more chimeras.” We fly toward it looking out the forward windows of one of Dido’s chimeras. 
Holiday and her commandos pick them off. To the south, past Heliopolis, commandos install missile systems, mines, and anti-infantry microwave cannons in the tropic archipelagos and deep jungles that sprawl into the Caliban Sea. 
“Prolly,” Clown agrees, casting me a commiserating look as we move from Sevro to pick through the bodies. Ron and Hermione both gave Harry half-exasperated, half-commiserating looks. 
According to her, the Jackal’s last communiqué stated he was making preparations for our attack on Mars. “It was a long-range communiqué. 
Positive results will compound as you go and you’ll be able to tackle bigger and bigger goals. Its bark is deafening, its eyes yellow and compound. 
I hesitate, wondering how much to confide in him. ‘He died some time ago, but not before I had tracked him down and persuaded him to confide these recollections to me. 
They did it in groups today; Harry, Ron and Hermione (the most conspicuous, as they were accompanied by Pigwidgeon and Crookshanks) went first; they leant casually against the barrier, chatting unconcernedly, and slid sideways through it … and as they did so, platform nine and three-quarters materialised in front of them. Professor Grubbly-Plank was chatting to Professor Sinistra, the Astronomy teacher, and Hagrid was once again conspicuous only by his absence. 
He snorts a contemptuous laugh. ‘Nearly wet himself,’ said Fred, with a contemptuous glance at Malfoy. 
The chickens had been shut away, the yard had been swept and the nearby garden had been pruned, plucked and generally spruced up, although Harry, who liked it in its overgrown state, thought that it looked rather forlorn without its usual contingent of capering gnomes. The brilliant students of the post-Rising generation all cluster worshipfully around Seraphina, her Dustwalkers, and several other notable captains of Ganymede, Callisto, Europa, and a contingent from Saturn’s and Uranus’s moons up in the stone stadium seats. 
Through the thin copse of woods and past a high wall, the Citadel stands, a network of spires. Apparently the winding lane to the village passed very close to the copse where the house stood. 
“Help me out here,” Tamara says cordially. Their tent seemed to be pitched right alongside a kind of thoroughfare to the pitch, and Ministry members kept hurrying up and down it, greeting Mr Weasley cordially as they passed. 
I’m trying a different tack, having my friends face the problem—the holoprojector, so if they want to argue with one another, they have to crane their necks to do it. And somewhere in the room, Roque’s mother will stand up from her seat on her marble bench and crane her neck to watch our bloody band stomping down the white marble stairs to the bottom center of the great chamber, passing Senators to our right and left, bringing silence with us instead of shouts or protests. 
Dirt crusts his nails, which scrabble in tying his shoes as he looks up. Blood crusts the rubber soles of his prison slippers and spatters the green jumpsuit’s legs. 
‘Out of the way, Arthur,’ said a cold, curt voice. Then he gave a curt nod that set his jowls aquiver again and Harry walked on, out on to the stone steps and the cold, sunlit day. 
It reminds me of so many of the decadent flats I encountered as a high-end claims investigator for Piraeus Insurance, before the Rising. Despite the decadent floral moldings and whitewashed walls, the room is cavernous and sparse but for a large four-post bed that looks out an open balcony window to the sea. 
“He’s bold,” I say deferentially, “and he likes this.” Harry thought Professor Marchbanks must be the tiny, stooped witch with a face so lined it looked as though it had been draped in cobwebs; Umbridge was speaking to her deferentially. 
Lupin caught them all deftly, then moved into the room, staring at Black, who still had Crookshanks lying protectively across his chest. Assuaging Subaru’s concerns, Reinhard made his report while deftly dancing around the problematic parts. 
At the start of the intervening school years, he had merely skimmed off the topmost three quarters of the contents and replaced or updated them, leaving a layer of general debris at the bottom – old quills, desiccated beetle eyes, single socks that no longer fitted. A desiccated rag flaps from his shoulder. 
Mr Weasley’s dingy office seemed to be slightly smaller than the broom cupboard. The ward was small and rather dingy, as the only window was narrow and set high in the wall facing the door. 
Of all the Golds of the Rim, only Diomedes was deemed fit to serve as ambassador for this dire mission. I let him spill his poison, but remember to look out for the more dire variety. 
Sitting on top of Mr Weasley’s overflowing in-tray was an old toaster that was hiccoughing in a disconsolate way and a pair of empty leather gloves that were twiddling their thumbs. Without you lot, this world would be the pale imaginings of a disconsolate wage-man. 
Ram’s demeanor was perfectly docile and full of adoration as Roswaal pulled her even higher on his lap. In contrast to her gentle tone and docile face, her request was as straight and to the point as a fastball. 
There, the Grays and Obsidians will be donning armor under pale lights, rushing through metal halls in tight lines, stocking ammunition belts, and kissing pictures of their loved ones so they can come down to the Hollows and make this heart stop beating. He politely stroked back his solid white hair before donning an immaculately tailored black suit. 
“My dossier?” That and your dossier and testimony from Telemanus servants and their steward are all the information I have of you. 
She pops a laced burner into her mouth and lights up, I shake my head when she offers me a drag. He takes a deep drag. 
“Don’t know,” he drawls. “You’re in a mech in vacuum,” Holiday drawls. 
Everything worthwhile by hours of self-doubt and days of drudgery. I’m deep in the drudgery when a hand grips my armored shoulder. 
Antonia asks dryly. “I am come with a diplomatic envoy to your coordinates,” he says dryly. 
Victra asks dubiously. Subaru dubiously raised his eyebrows and looked toward the orange-haired girl who seemed the cause of Emilia’s misgivings. 
If we really got that bored, we could visit each other and play while we pretended we were there under duress. For all we know the Jackal might have prepared contingency information for her to give us in case she was captured under duress. 
In his chrome suit and a black high-collared duster, Gorgo waits in a grand old dilapidated green armchair beside an industrial lift, smoking burners. I eye his black duster and black boots. 
These plantes are moste efficacious in the inflaming of the braine, and are therefore much used in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts, where the wizard is desirous of producing hot-headedness and recklessness … … Hermione said Sirius was becoming reckless cooped up in Grimmauld Place … … moste efficacious in the inflaming of the braine, and are therefore much used … … the Daily Prophet would think his brain was inflamed if they found out that he knew what Voldemort was feeling … … therefore much used in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts … … confusing was the word, all right; why did he know what Voldemort was feeling? ‘Most authorities agree that they are at their most efficacious if picked at twilight.’ 
Instead of the usual display of gold-embossed spellbooks the size of paving slabs, there was a large iron cage behind the glass which held about a hundred copies of The Monster Book of Monsters. ‘Bathilda Bagshot,’ murmured Hermione, running her index finger over Bathilda’s embossed name on the front cover of A History of Magic. 
WE ARRIVE FOR DINNER after the Raa family has been seated around the low-lying table in a warm stone room that looks out through a glass wall over the plains and an escarpment of uncarved mountain. One by one, the Howlers land on the rugged escarpment with me. 
But if you toggle with the contraction restrictions, you can eviscerate a prisoner to death. The station relies on its external defenses, which would eviscerate even a heavy assault force of the Ash Legions, but on the inside, the security systems were made to keep men in, not out. 
There was a pause in which Hermione beamed at the pair of them, and Harry sat, torn between exasperation at Hermione, and amusement at the look on Ron’s face. His demeanor brought exasperation to Priscilla’s face, and all the malice and enmity to that point seemed to dissipate. 
“I was told that he died of exsanguination.” If the death of the fleet was an amputation, this siege is death by exsanguination. 
Ron, who had fought his way through to Harry’s side, doubled up with laughter as they watched Malfoy fighting to extricate himself from the robe, Goyle’s head still stuck inside it. Not only had she not picked up on his attempt to extricate her, but she treated him as a pervert. 
One of the wizards in the lift, who was carrying an armful of broomsticks, extricated himself with difficulty and disappeared down the corridor. As Priscilla teased, Subaru extricated himself from her and put distance between them. 
My army is exultant because they have me; they think me immortal, unstoppable. He held up his hands, and flexed the fingers, his expression rapt and exultant. 
“All should be reminded that fealty is not easily cast off,” Daxo finishes, his voice astonishingly cordial. “In other words, the Dragon Maidens that we knights spilled our blood to search for would not make kings worthy of our fealty?” 
‘This is the weirdest thing we’ve ever done,’ Harry said fervently. ‘Dobby was weirder,’ said Harry, fervently. 
Grandmother despised most of the fops at court, and while I know she was not fond of Rim Golds, she did respect their stubborn fidelity to the old ways. She’s terminated our contract as a gesture of fidelity to you.” 
Antonia’s force crashes into Mustang’s flank. As the platoons are pinned down, I use my com to maneuver other platoons through gravLifts and halls to flank entrenched security teams. 
I would rend our fledgling Republic in two. One of the two great dockyards of humanity, before the Republic’s fledgling shipyards over Phobos. 
He saw a wizened witch flit out of the frame of her picture and into the one next to it, which contained a wizard with a walrus moustache. Their shadows flit through the gloom, growing more substantial with every step. 
‘Fancy a flutter on the match, Arthur?’ His eyes flutter as he understands. 
Beatrice made a sour look at being addressed like an acquaintance and having a question foisted upon her. He’d desperately bounded away to avoid being bitten, foisted the pursuing demon beasts on the maid girl, and had crawled like a bug to escape the angry girl’s wrath. 
The beautiful weather seemed to mock them; Harry could imagine how it would have been if Dumbledore had not died, and they had had this time together at the very end of the year, Ginny’s examinations finished, the pressure of homework lifted … and hour by hour, he put off saying the thing that he knew he must say, doing what he knew it was right to do, because it was too hard to forgo his best source of comfort. I forgo killing blows and hack off two hands, one right after another, razors still clenched in their grips. 
“I promise you a splendid day of revelry and fraternity.” I thought our fraternity ran deeper. 
Ragnar wedges the razor he threw into the Death Knight’s head under the pillar, using a rock as a fulcrum, and is about to heave upward with me when Victra calls for us to wait. Shouting in response to the sisters’ sharp rebuke, Subaru used his arms as a fulcrum to go from his prostrate position into a handstand, twisting his body around and using the momentum to rise to his feet. 
Or was it the furor over the terrorist attacks? But everything was forgotten, drowned out by his furor. 
We close the rest of the distance on our bellies and find a jagged hole in the aft where the back half of the fuselage was shredded by Ragnar’s missile. We cross through seas of frozen corpses and shattered ripWings to land two kilometers from the dreadnought on the broken fuselage of a dead torchShip. 
My evasive maneuver throws me into the path of an anti-aircraft battery’s fusillade. Their fusillade knocked it half off its hinges. 
“You’ll have me play the role of a Pixie gallant, flitting about court, bedding ladies?” ‘Let’s have a really loud hand for the gallant losers – Bulgaria!’ 
Pansy Parkinson gaped at her as she walked by with Malfoy, and even he didn’t seem to be able to find an insult to throw at her. Harry gaped after her. 
Now comes the garrote. Who can believe in the intangible with a garrote around their neck? 
Pliny screams now, wildly gesticulating at me. The big man holds up the candy to his daughter and comes back to me, his hands gesticulating wildly. 
Furthermore, they’d no doubt girded themselves with gear and plenty of light sources. “I’d like this to be the last time we meet…” Subaru kept running as he girded himself for the cascade of stones the demon beast would surely unleash. 
Twice the length of my ship, three times the girth. But he was still stately and spry despite his girth. 
The doorbell rang several times a day, which was the cue for Sirius’s mother to start shrieking again, and for Harry and the others to attempt to eavesdrop on the visitor, though they gleaned very little from the brief glimpses and snatches of conversation they were able to sneak before Mrs Weasley recalled them to their tasks. This brief, gleaned from our human and mechanical network of sensors, telescopes, scout ships, and informants throughout the Core, indicated that a large-scale Society military operation was under way in the orbit of Mercury. 
But Krum glowered at him, and Harry, somehow struck anew by how tall Krum was, elaborated. He refused to drop his gaze, but glowered at Snape until Snape looked away. 
Enormous cheers from the Hufflepuffs in the crowd; Harry saw Cho give Cedric a glowing look. Gabrielle was Fleur in miniature; eleven years old, with waist-length hair of pure, silvery blonde, she gave Mrs Weasley a dazzling smile and hugged her, then threw Harry a glowing look, batting her eyelashes. 
They were looking around the Great Hall with glum expressions on their faces. And that was with her awake, too – Myrtle jerked her head towards the mermaid with an expression of great dislike on her glum face – ‘giggling and showing off and flashing her fins …’ ‘That’s it, isn’t it?’ 
Cassius’s own grimace fades as he looks at Roque, then at me. I grimace at the weirdness of this little moment. 
She grins. She grins at my surprise. 
I was more gruff than I intended. The first half was intimidatingly gruff; the second half, a paragon of customer relations. 
He turns haughtily. He looked down at Emilia haughtily, wagging his finger teasingly. 
At the door, I search Victra’s haughty eyes. It wasn’t bad to butt heads with her over her haughty manner of speaking from time to time. 
“Tell Tinos and Thebes helmsman to punch negative forty-five their midline and abandon ship,” I snap. I turn to the helmsman, about to give the order when Victra puts a hand on my shoulder. 
The place is abandoned except for Romulus’s soldiers and the fortress’s other two breeds of denizen—robed Obsidians with bare feet and bald heads, with iron pyramids emblazoned on their simple gray robes, and several White hierophants who wear strange perruques made of coarse blue-black hair. What I see through the walls are Yellows hunched over holoDisplays, studying diagrams and videos, White hierophants reading in cloisters, carver laboratories alive with experiments, barracks of Grays, and great cisterns and botanical gardens abuzz with bees and Reds plucking fruits from rows of subterranean bushes growing under artificial light. 
Jerking them headlong into the vestibules of commerce to pump blood and cash into the veins of this hinterland city. As they beat in the shadowed veins of asteroid mines, in the smoky dens of hinterland trade depots, in ore caravans, deepspace waystations, in the rattling assembly lines of Phobos that make the ships which protect our liberty. 
“We’re gettin’ hitched.” — Sevro and Victra marry seven nights later in a small ceremony in the auxiliary hangar of the Morning Star. Fudge took off his pinstriped cloak and tossed it aside, then hitched up the trousers of his bottle-green suit and sat down opposite Harry. 
I feel something’s amiss the moment before I see Victra naked on the floor, hands and legs hogtied behind her back. They latch a second metal cuff around my right ankle and jerk the two shackles together so that I’m hogtied, blind, and bellydown on the floor. 
Several minutes later, a Gold in an EVA suit drifts upward to set down with me on the hull. We burst back to the Praetorians and land where Rhone has set up his coms tower on the hull of the Storm God. 
Two yachts ignore the warnings and are ripped apart as one of the cruisers fires railguns into their hulls. “They have bodies on their hulls.” 
He knew it was hypocritical and would only force the pain on to him, but he felt it was the right thing to do. “And you’re a hypocritical fornicator.” 
Dumbledore, who had always suspected him, Dumbledore, dead on his orders, Dumbledore, whose wand was his now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, the boy – But surely if the boy had destroyed any of his Horcruxes, he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt it? “Smile, Vorkian, the end of ignominy draws nigh. 
How will he break the impasse?” She leans back, realizing the impasse, quick eyes searching for a way around it. 
In hushed silence, the senators crane their necks to see a tall, imperious woman of later years striding out of the corridor into the Senate hall. The other is the imperious lion. 
Mrs Weasley beckoned imperiously to her sons and Hermione. She stands imperiously over me. 
‘Nothing whatsoever,’ said Phineas Nigellus, raising a thin black eyebrow as though he found Harry impertinent. “No, I just thought it was very impertinent of me. 
she asks, turning on me with wild, incandescent eyes. Atalantia’s smile is incandescent. 
Not using me is an indictment on Sevro’s intelligence.” Every time Pax grows a centimeter, it feels like an indictment against me for not being there to see it.” 
When they had finished their story, Percy swelled indignantly. said Harry, now slamming his fist on the table so that Hedwig landed on the back of Ron’s chair, hooting indignantly. 
Professor Lupin smiled at the look of indignation on every face. It received many stares, more out of raw shock than indignation at the interference. 
And finally my own vessels led by the greatest ship ever built and stolen, the indomitable white Morning Star painted with a seven-kilometer-long red scythe on her port and starboard sides. “The indomitable Minotaur,” Sevro tries. 
The prophecy could have referred to either of them, yet, for his own inscrutable reasons, Voldemort had chosen to believe that Harry was the one meant. So the Golds made us into inscrutable enigmas to hold their attention, masters of art, sex, music, and emotion. 
Theodora was more forthcoming, but Dancer was…intransigent. The girl is intransigent,” he says. 
Dumbledore had gone, Hagrid had gone, but he had always expected Professor McGonagall to be there, irascible and inflexible, perhaps, but always dependably, solidly present … ‘I don’t wonder you’re shocked, Potter,’ said Madam Pomfrey, with a kind of fierce approval in her face. Ron, however, had always been used to three delicious meals a day, courtesy of his mother or of the Hogwarts house-elves, and hunger made him both unreasonable and irascible. 
Spinning with debris through a kaleidoscope world of towers and advertisements. They transmit a kaleidoscope of sex advertisements from holo broadcasters perched on their shoulders like metal gargoyles. 
What comes next is a blur of kaleidoscopic oddities. Apollonius’s ripWings twirl in a kaleidoscopic firefight with the Ash Lord’s over the sea. 
I soon discovered he was a kindred spirit—my brother from another mother, if you will. “Yes,” Sefi says, finding a more kindred spirit in Victra than either might have thought prior to shedding blood together. 
South of Hyperion City Center, hundred sixty klicks from the maple-lined boulevards of the Promenade, towers the brutalist Atlas Interplanetary Docks. On the second-largest island, about four klicks from the Ash Lord’s spire, ripWings rise from a large airfield to join the fray. 
And my right arm aches from the bloody bullet wound in my bicep and the lacerations that bleed along forearm and wrist. Two minor lacerations rend her skin above her breasts. 
Lying atop the grass, Subaru felt his breaths were labored; his whole body felt unusually languid. Until its gravity engines create a languid field of low gravity beneath it, suspending blocks of ice. 
“On the contrary, the fisheries and latifundia have never been more productive.” Even as we pass over crop latifundia far to its east, you can catch the glint of its spires, and the soothing sight of its guardian mountain: the Morning Star. 
Tomorrow you scrub the latrines in every bathroom. “And if they told you to clean latrines again?” 
As it was Hallowe’en, a cloud of live bats was fluttering around the enchanted ceiling, while hundreds of carved pumpkins leered from every corner. Crabbe and Goyle leered. 
“A pedestrian’s penchant for circumambulatory locomotion is the pedantic paroxysm of a pleonasm of peremptory drivers and sometimes leads to imperfectly preventable parricide.” He also has that weird locomotion they seem to breed into black ops Obsidians. 
But I would ask you to dissuade your diminutive accomplice from displaying any lupine flavors. “I was suggesting the lupine variety.” 
Sweat-soaked hair clings to her forehead, darkening the golden luster. But in contrast to the luster in her eyes, Roswaal’s eyes narrowed in a teasing look. 
Gorydamn maelstrom.” We charge into the wake of Tongueless’s maelstrom. 
While Dumbledore turns a blind eye, Hagrid has maimed several pupils during a series of lessons which many admit to be ‘very frightening’. By returning, you may ensure that fewer souls are maimed, fewer families are torn apart. 
However, he felt a malaise like everything from the tips of his fingers and toes to the middle of his chest had gone through a blender. Subaru held his breath and stopped his feet at the sudden malaise he felt. 
Malfoy, whose pale eyes were still watering with pain and humiliation, looked malevolently up at Moody and muttered something in which the words ‘my father’ were distinguishable. Above them, the sun squats malevolently. 
The coat was so big for him that it looked as though he was draped in a furry black marquee. A desk stood facing the open window, which looked out over the orchard where he and Ginny had once played two-a-side Quidditch with Ron and Hermione, and which now housed a large, pearly-white marquee. 
They throw fig leaves and cheer wildly, climbing the Field’s martial statues and marble obelisks to see me better. Aside from the glowing holographs, the room is occupied by a small host of martial Golds. 
Their fur is grim and matted, once white but now clumped with dried blood and filth. A large photograph of a sunken-faced man with long, matted hair blinked slowly at Harry from the front page. 
My eyes are closed to the black, heels planted in the loose soil, head looking down the maw of darkness that stretches deep into the bowels of my world. Maybe the puppy had a complex about the white scar; the instant Subaru touched it, the puppy’s maw chomped hard on his hand. 
He brought quite the menagerie to the Opera last September. My men wear none of their menagerie of trophies, or their wolfpelts. 
“We’re traders,” I manage with little dignity, but I meet her eyes as best I can, hoping to merit some degree of respect from her for my obvious mettle. On our best day, any of those would test our mettle. 
After Rem had handed the children over to the young men of the village, relying on the miasma of the witch to reach Subaru once more, she had found him in a life-and-death situation, surrounded by a pack of demon beasts. From the sides of hulking buildings, advertisements seep miasma stains of neon greens and violent reds into the air like rainbow pus. 
And the destroyer hits my man-of-war at her midline. “Tell Tinos and Thebes helmsman to punch negative forty-five their midline and abandon ship,” I snap. 
“The miscreant is right, Darrow. Where is that Bronzie miscreant these days anyway?” 
Mostafa seemed to come to himself; Harry, watching through the Omnioculars again, saw that he looked exceptionally embarrassed, and was shouting at the Veela, who had stopped dancing and were looking mutinous. Harry sat there feeling mutinous. 
Her heart beats mutinously through the bustling oceanside promenades of the archipelagos of Venus as sailboats float proudly in the harbor and shopping bags hang in frightened hands and Golds look to their drivers, their gardeners, the men who power their cities. He took the blow stoically enough when Harry told him, merely grunting and shrugging, but Harry had the distinct feeling as he walked away that Dean and Seamus were muttering mutinously behind his back. 
The nave is triangular, the south, north, and west aisles steeped stadium rows. In the winnowing east chancel, twelve Olympic Knights sit cross-legged in a bowed line on an elevated white marble podium looking out at the nave. 
It suddenly occurred to Harry how odd this would look if a Muggle were to walk up here now … nine people, two grown men, clutching this manky old boot in the semi-darkness, waiting … ‘Three …’ muttered Mr Weasley, one eye still on his watch, ‘two … one …’ It happened immediately: Harry felt as though a hook just behind his navel had been suddenly jerked irresistibly forwards. He dribbles wine over the Gold woman’s stomach till it collects in her navel. 
Stripped of our armies, our navies. Watching Luna crackle with nuclear explosions did more to kill the bloodlust between the two navies than any peace or truce ever did. 
After several minutes’ thought, Harry tore the obituary out of the Prophet, folded it carefully and tucked it inside the first volume of Practical Defensive Magic and its Use Against the Dark Arts. He was vaguely familiar: racking his brains Harry suddenly realised that this was Elphias Doge, member of the Order of the Phoenix, and the writer of Dumbledore’s obituary. 
And those odious little shits will spend all day bickering about whether or not a ship should have granola or muesli in its galley. “What an odious creature,” the Sovereign says, turning from Antonia’s body. 
Harry met Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, his fellow Gryffindors, in Quality Quidditch Supplies, where they, too, were ogling the Firebolt; he also ran into the real Neville Longbottom, a round-faced, forgetful boy, outside Flourish and Blotts. they giggled happily, leaping to their feet and ogling Harry and Ron. 
There are twelve tables, each with one hundred place settings. You can begin with one small change. 
She was dressed from head to foot in black satin, and many magnificent opals gleamed at her throat and on her thick fingers. Harry saw him give a small wave and, looking around, saw Madame Maxime return it, her opals glittering in the candlelight. 
I am trapped by opulence. The crimson-skinned, two-headed land dragon had extravagant feathers all down its back, with the intricate designs on the reins and bit completing the image of quintessential opulence. 
Their retinas have been fried by the ordnance of our enemies. More dogfights flash all the way up to the stratosphere, buying time for my squadrons to intercept atomic ordnance. 
The castle is tall, white, ornate. They were crammed with an odd assortment of objects: a selection of rusty daggers, claws, a coiled snakeskin, a number of tarnished silver boxes inscribed with languages Harry could not understand and, least pleasant of all, an ornate crystal bottle with a large opal set into the stopper, full of what Harry was quite sure was blood. 
It’s a custom-built model out of the Venusian Shipyards, ostentatious, fast, and perfect for an obscenely wealthy war refugee. The land dragon in front also had an ostentatious appearance. 
At long last, Fred had closed the doorway to the boys’ dormitories behind him, rattling his box of Galleons ostentatiously so that Hermione scowled. Hermione was rather ostentatiously showing no interest in his whispered plans for forcing entry into the Room, which irritated Harry, because he thought she might be a lot of help if she wanted to. 
“Hello, wife,” Romulus says from his pallet. Empty but for a toilet, a plastic sleeping pallet, and a shirtless, gaunt man. 
Gone are the diamond nails and spiced champagne flutes and the halls filled with muscled Pink paramours. The gowns have been replaced by a dramatic black uniform with rows of golden spikes and a death’s-head on each shoulder, and the paramours by a ship full of the intrepid killers from my generation, the ice-eyed veterans of her own, and the remaining legends of the one before. 
“Ten credits says we have to scrape Sevro off the patio tomorrow.” We access the patio outside, crossing a small gravel park with swirling white angel trees to reach the Duke’s sparkling CR-17 Hornet. 
“He looked at the thin man I sent with the armada and he laughed and asked why he should bow to me, the bitch patricide of a dead tyrant.” That honor by which you watched as my daughter’s head was stomped in by a sociopathic matricide who takes orders from a sociopathic patricide?” 
Both Cyra and Dano are short, and the only way to tell them apart in their hooded black bodysuits is the sizable paunch around Cyra’s midsection, that and the fact that Dano is doing the splits stretching for his part in the play, and humming an asinine Red ditty to himself. He’s naked and less muscular than Apollonius, all arms and legs and a newly grown belly paunch. 
More horns echo from the clouds above and twelve more griffins slam down into the mountain pass, some clinging to the sharp rock walls above us, others pawing at the snow. The pawing electricity of a coming storm fills the air. 
She stands near a window as Sons of Ares spread through the building, levels beneath her penthouse. Bored, I survey the rest of the penthouse. 
said Tonks from her perch on top of the washing machine, and she wiggled her left hand at him; a ring glittered there. I could not sleep in the passage despite my perch on the Drachenjäger. 
“This reeks of perfidy and favoritism. In spite of my perfidy, she was desperate to see me one more time. 
It is a more pernicious evil. It spawned from the seeds sown in previous disputes, but it can end now as Rim and Core remember that there is a greater, more pernicious evil than political squabbling and debate over taxes and representation. 
Bagman looked slightly perturbed. The looks on the twins’ faces became mildly conflicted, whereas Beatrice looked seriously perturbed. 
Uncle Vernon was perusing the letter again. They were in what seemed to be a crowded reception area where rows of witches and wizards sat upon rickety wooden chairs, some looking perfectly normal and perusing out-of-date copies of Witch Weekly, others sporting gruesome disfigurements such as elephant trunks or extra hands sticking out of their chests. 
One look told them that Hagrid had been drinking a lot; there was a pewter tankard almost as big as a bucket in front of him, and he seemed to be having difficulty in getting them into focus.  grounds, his arms raised in triumph in front of the whole school, all of whom were applauding and screaming … he had just won the Triwizard Tournament … Cho’s face stood out particularly clearly in the blurred crowd, her face glowing with admiration … Harry grinned into his pillow, exceptionally glad that Ron couldn’t see what he could. — CHAPTER THIRTEEN — Mad-Eye Moody The storm had blown itself out by the following morning, though the ceiling in the Great Hall was still gloomy; heavy clouds of pewter grey swirled overhead as Harry, Ron and Hermione examined their new timetables at breakfast. 
He preens like a hound with a pheasant in its jaws, looking around to see if we all noticed her compliment. Belby started, and accepted what looked like half a cold pheasant. 
And even if you got onto one of their ships, you gotta get past the naval pickets. Recall the rest of your pickets.” 
Miss Granger remains the only person in this class who has managed to turn a hedgehog into a satisfactory pincushion. His face is a pincushion of piercings and fashionable digital tattoos. 
Lured by the false promises of an enemy plenipotentiary, we allowed our resolve to weaken. Lured by the false promises of an enemy plenipotentiary, we allowed our resolve to weaken. 
Harry hurtled round a corner and found Fred and a small knot of students, including Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott, standing beside another empty plinth, whose statue had concealed a secret passageway. Caraval stands on a small circular plinth before the tiered C-shaped marble steps that encircle the white and red porphyry floor. 
The plump witch got out and a sallow-skinned wizard with a very mournful face got in. Monsieur Delacour was nowhere near as attractive as his wife; he was a head shorter and extremely plump, with a little, pointed, black beard. 
A pale boy with a pointed face and white-blond hair, Draco greatly resembled his father. A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white-blond hair appeared from behind the rack wearing a handsome set of dark green robes that glittered with pins around the hem and the edges of the sleeves. 
You look like a Pixie ponce in this lady-den.” The ponce. 
Fudge, a portly little man in a long, pinstriped cloak, looked cold and exhausted. He watched, trying not to betray a flicker of surprise or alarm, as a portly man appeared within the flames, spinning as fast as a top. 
Professor Trelawney slammed a copy of the Oracle down on the table between Harry and Ron and swept away, her lips pursed; she threw the next copy of the Oracle at Seamus and Dean, narrowly avoiding Seamus’s head, and thrust the final one into Neville’s chest with such force that he slipped off his pouffe. There was the much younger Horace Slughorn, with his thick, shiny, straw-coloured hair and his gingery-blond moustache, sitting again in the comfortable winged armchair in his office, his feet resting upon a velvet pouffe, a small glass of wine in one hand, the other rummaging in a box of crystallised pineapple. 
Past the small retaining wall is a precipitous drop down into the concrete canyon between the buildings. Tight behind him, our heavily armed pack ascends up exposed switchbacked stairwells with precipitous drops to either side. 
How precocious of you.” Either that or I’ve discovered a latent predisposition for wild things, and shall be doomed for life by my taste in precocious women. 
We see you preening at yourself on the HC as though it were your personal mirror. There were luminous rosettes – green for Ireland, red for Bulgaria – which were squealing the names of the players, pointed green hats bedecked with dancing shamrocks, Bulgarian scarves adorned with lions that really roared, flags from both countries which played their national anthems as they were waved; there were tiny models of Firebolts, which really flew, and collectible figures of famous players, which strolled across the palm of your hand, preening themselves. 
“And what…interesting progeny we have.” “Or at the very least the courtesy of not laughing before his progeny.” 
The words on the tablet are providence itself. It is providence that my selection of Al, and my path to become king, shall both shine in accordance with my glory.” 
Hermione, who disapproved of copying, pursed her lips, but didn’t say anything. Uncle Vernon’s large red face was hidden behind the morning’s Daily Mail and Aunt Petunia was cutting a grapefruit into quarters, her lips pursed over her horse-like teeth. 
Ron did very well until he reached the Hinkypunk, which successfully confused him into sinking waist-high into the quagmire. Murdering you would be to court quagmire. 
I rake my hands through the tangle. Half a click off bow, a full barrage of rail-munitions rake her from stem to stern, fired by Antonia’s dreadnaught the Pandora. 
Here you go –’ He rapped him hard on the top of the head and Harry felt a curious sensation as though Moody had just smashed an egg there; cold trickles seemed to be running down his body from the point the wand had struck. ‘Here –’ He rapped Harry hard over the head with his wand; Harry felt as though something hot was trickling down his back this time and knew that the Disillusionment Charm must have lifted. 
“It was the same woman,” I snarl and look to the Saturnian Gold to Romulus’s left who pays rapt attention. He held up his hands, and flexed the fingers, his expression rapt and exultant. 
Mr Crouch seemed to come out of a deep reverie. The loud crash brought him out of his reverie; hurrying from the scene lest Filch should turn up, he dashed down the marble staircase and along the passageway below. 
My eyes rove the knights as they move forward. His eyes rove my lips as he slips an apricot into his mouth. 
Loud singing accompanied by what sounded like mandolins issued from a distant corner; a haze of pipe smoke hung over several elderly warlocks deep in conversation, and a number of house-elves were negotiating their way squeakily through the forest of knees, obscured by the heavy silver platters of food they were bearing, so that they looked like little roving tables. She lunges at him with her razor, roving and probing like she’s hunting boar. 
Cho told Harry ruefully. He smiled ruefully at the tarlike substance in Ron’s cauldron. 
It was truly emblematic of the girl’s ruinous, high-stakes way of thinking. But sitting here, surrounded by the ruinous shit I’ve made, I still can’t feel anything but anger. 
If we abandon the cities and mass the garrisons from the Children at Kydon, we can sally to Pan and make an oblique front. With a frontal sally we can hit him when he swings to a flank.” 
It was less crowded than the last time they had been there, although halfway across the room Harry found himself shunted aside by a witch with a satsuma jammed up her left nostril. said Mr Weasley, whose head had been nodding over the satsuma he was peeling. 
To not quiver in primal trepidation at the thought of invasion, to not let your senators hoard your wealth for themselves and hide behind your ships of war, but to summon the more wrathful angels of their spirits and send forth the might of the Republic to scourge the engines of tyranny and oppression from the Mercurian sky and rescue our Free Legions.” To not quiver in primal trepidation at the thought of invasion, to not let your senators hoard your wealth for themselves and hide behind your ships of war, but to summon the more wrathful angels of their spirits and send forth the might of the Republic to scourge the engines of tyranny and oppression from the Mercurian sky and rescue our Free Legions.” 
“Thought there might be a scuffle between Augustus and Andromedus.” The bell rang, and there was the usual scuffle of activity as everyone packed their bags and swung them onto their shoulders. 
Oranges and Reds scuttle about. We scuttle the ships we can’t save, and search the naval debris for survivors. 
“Golds treat sedition like cancer. Which means the Sovereign has kept the Jackal’s sedition tight to her chest. 
Her sensual mouth wide, with lips shaped to purr insults. Mouth sensual, eyes smoldering behind thick eyelashes as she broods under the brig’s pale lights. 
He has an incredible shock of white hair and a jaw you could carve granite with, but pathetically delicate hands for a man. Iron Leopard and Fulminata shock troops claw through gaps three hundred meters from the ground. 
Hagrid sent him a bunch of earwiggy flowers that looked like yellow cabbages and Ginny Weasley, blushing furiously, turned up with a ‘get well’ card she had made herself, which sang shrilly unless Harry kept it shut under his bowl of fruit. The whistle echoed shrilly in the cold, still air; the stands erupted with cheers and applause; without looking to see what the other champions were doing, Harry pulled off his shoes and socks, pulled the handful of Gillyweed out of his pocket, stuffed it into his mouth, and waded out into the lake. 
“I’ll sic Goblin on them and be back before you’re even in bed.” I really, really would feel bad if I had to sic this guy over here on you,” said Emilia with a wink, pointing back at Reinhard. 
Hagrid sidled into the Hall through a door behind the staff table twenty minutes after the start of the feast. ‘Moonstones and diamonds,’ said Griphook, who had sidled into the room without Harry noticing. 
‘Leave him alone, Hermione, he’s earned a bit of a break,’ said Ron, and he placed the last two cards on top of the castle and the whole lot blew up, singeing his eyebrows. I push the barrel to the back of the Duke’s neck, singeing his flesh. 
In other words, Ram’s forehead— “I lost my one and only horn in a minor skirmish. A skirmish was fought amidst them. 
They didn’t know there would be seven Harrys, that confused them the moment we appeared, and in case you’ve forgotten, it was Mundungus who suggested that little bit of skullduggery. But fear not, my intrepid father noticed a certain lack of Leopards on his flank in the Plains of Caduceus and has sent us to ensure that no skullduggery is afoot at the gates of Heliopolis.” 
“My datapad has been slaved by another,” I said. The clawDrill’s engines are slaved to the bank of Blues back on Orion’s ship. 
A hard skin of ice makes the concrete slick and smoky gray. It floats off the right cockpit wall, slick around the round railgun slug that pierced the three leechCraft to imbed itself in the support beam of my clawDrill. 
I’ve got the telltale swollen face of a man who’s gone one too many rounds with the bottle, and a slight body even a decade in legion gravity gymnasiums couldn’t broaden. How could I bear such a slight to me, and to an office which I hold in such high esteem? 
So we cannot slug it out with them and hope for the best. It floats off the right cockpit wall, slick around the round railgun slug that pierced the three leechCraft to imbed itself in the support beam of my clawDrill. 
I feel her hand on the small of my back, just beneath my breastplate. A Bludger hit Harry squarely in the small of the back and he flew forwards off his broom. 
said Harry, picking up his schoolbag with his left hand rather than his smarting right one. The cut dug deeper, stinging and smarting. 
His black hair was overlong and his clothes were so mismatched that it looked deliberate: too-short jeans, a shabby, overlarge coat that might have belonged to a grown man, an odd smock-like shirt. I stare through her, watching an iridescent beetle the size of a thumbnail settle on my exposed knee, several inches below where the paper medical smock ends. 
I push myself out of my drill, leaving it in the deep tunnel for the nightshift, and snag a weary hand on the line the others drop down the kilometer-long shaft to help me up. “I’d kill to snag Victra,” Truth says, walking around me. 
His words were like a soliloquy, but Ram looked into Roswaal’s eyes from close up as she replied. He’d no doubt discerned Subaru’s thoughts to work out the context of the soliloquy from a moment before. 
One could even say he was cajoling her into bringing sophistry and threats at him. Subaru tilted his head at Ram’s sophistry and thrust the sword in his hand into the ground like a cane to support his shaky legs as he chased after Rem. 
Harry, Ron and Hermione slipped and slid across the Entrance Hall and through the double doors on the right, Ron muttering furiously under his breath as he pushed his sopping hair off his face. Emerging from his goblet, coughing, sopping wet but still grinning, he saw something calculated to raise his spirits even higher: Draco Malfoy being dragged by the ear towards them by Argus Filch. 
Three African wizards sat in serious conversation, all of them wearing long white robes and roasting what looked like a rabbit on a bright purple fire, while a group of middle-aged American witches sat gossiping happily beneath a spangled banner stretched between their tents which read: The Salem Witches’ Institute. She was wearing a set of spangled silver robes that was attracting a certain amount of giggling from the onlookers, but otherwise she looked quite nice. 
He’s bound to a steel pipe, legs splayed out on the floor. And Harry, with the unerring skill of the Seeker, caught the wand in his free hand as Voldemort fell backwards, arms splayed, the slit pupils of the scarlet eyes rolling upwards. 
He was sprawled on the ground, but Scabbers was back in his pocket; he had both hands held tight over the quivering lump. A wizard had just Apparated at their fireside, and he could not have made more of a contrast with Ludo Bagman, sprawled on the grass in his old Wasp robes. 
“You’re squirming like a pup.” Hedwig was swaying on her shoulder, and she was carrying a squirming Crookshanks in her arms. 
Josh Crook, thank you for the constant inspiration, stalwart friendship, and collaboration even when I’m pacing a hole in the carpet and fraying your nerve endings. Since the day Sevro and I hijacked Orion’s ship in our escape over Luna, the Blue has been my confidante, my stalwart ally, my saving grace against the incredible sophistication of Gold naval Praetors. 
They look at me like I’m stark mad. And I do miss that place, the libraries, the Esqualine Gardens, the warmth of Aja, the approval of my grandmother, stark and sparse though it was, the love of my parents. 
She glances down at him, more stoic than I am. The stoic man motions two Olympic Knights to carry Cassius out. 
I look stonily at the three of them, thankful they cannot read my thoughts. Ron rolled his eyes at Harry, who looked stonily back. 
‘Yes,’ said Harry stoutly. For when that of this wicked age once open’d was the vein, Therein all mischief rushed forth, then faith and truth were fain, and honest shame to hide their heads; for whom stept stoutly in, Craft, treason, violence, envy, pride, and wicked lust to win. —OVID, METAMORPHOSES, 1.129–34
The word for subjugation? Peace was subjugation by another word. 
Her cruel eyes are the color of bitter sulfur, set in a face calloused and riven with age. The bruises inflicted by Pandora’s men are now faded pools the color of sulfur on my shoulders and jaw. 
Even the weather seemed to be celebrating; as June approached, the days became cloudless and sultry, and all anybody felt like doing was strolling into the grounds and flopping down on the grass with several pints of iced pumpkin juice, perhaps playing a casual game of Gobstones or watching the giant squid propel itself dreamily across the surface of the lake. These furious thoughts whirled around in Harry’s head, and his insides writhed with anger as a sultry, velvety night fell around him, the air full of the smell of warm, dry grass, and the only sound that of the low grumble of traffic on the road beyond the park railings. 
He gathered a fistful of robe from his knee and tried to rub it clean surreptitiously. Harry looked surreptitiously through the doorways as they passed. 
Built to resemble one of the papal villas on Earth’s Lake Como, the stone house sits along the edge of a rocky cove, and spills down to the lake by means of switchbacked stairs cut into the rock. Tight behind him, our heavily armed pack ascends up exposed switchbacked stairwells with precipitous drops to either side. 
Enough lies you sniveling Core sycophant.” “Ever the mogul,” another sycophant adds. 
“About tact?” Harry could not think of anything to say, not least because it was highly unusual for Ron to be teaching anyone else tact. 
They were crammed with an odd assortment of objects: a selection of rusty daggers, claws, a coiled snakeskin, a number of tarnished silver boxes inscribed with languages Harry could not understand and, least pleasant of all, an ornate crystal bottle with a large opal set into the stopper, full of what Harry was quite sure was blood. He beckoned to Harry and led him out of Kingsley’s cubicle, through a second set of oak doors, into another passage, turned left, marched along another corridor, turned right into a dimly lit and distinctly shabby corridor, and finally reached a dead end, where a door on the left stood ajar, revealing a broom cupboard, and a door on the right bore a tarnished brass plaque reading: Misuse of Muggle Artefacts. 
Guns track us as we taxi. We taxi onto a circular landing pad atop the Sovereign’s spire. 
You fight, then spend months waiting, engaged only by the tedium of routine. Priscilla shrugged her shoulders as a look of tedium came over her. 
I slash madly as I go from the high vantage, stunning three other highDrafts with looping blows till I teeter down to the ground. For a moment Harry had the strangest feeling that she wanted to say something to him: she gave him an odd, tremulous look and seemed to teeter on the edge of speech, but then, with a little jerk of her head, she bustled out of the room after her husband and son. — CHAPTER FOUR — The Seven Potters Harry ran back upstairs to his bedroom, arriving at the window just in time to see the Dursleys’ car swinging out of the drive and off up the road. 
She was a tempestuous girl of the slums, more grubby than hardy. I hear it in the megalopolises of Mars, the broken streets of fallen Olympia, the tempestuous wine bazaars of Thessalonica, the quiet shadow of the Agean Citadel from which my father once gripped the throat of a planet and now there towers a monument to the rebel girl he hanged and made immortal. 
‘Either explain what you’re on about or go away, Malfoy,’ said Hermione testily, over the top of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4. ‘Yes, Barry, that’s what I just said,’ said Auntie Muriel testily. 
Their tent seemed to be pitched right alongside a kind of thoroughfare to the pitch, and Ministry members kept hurrying up and down it, greeting Mr Weasley cordially as they passed. He’d have liked to get on a thoroughfare, but all he could see was a maze of other back streets. 
They joined the throng, wending their way between the Ministry workers, some of whom were carrying tottering piles of parchment, others battered briefcases; still others were reading the Daily Prophet while they walked. A sigh trailed behind Ram’s voice as she slammed a Blade of Wind into the throng approaching from the front. —The cast had been changed for round two in the battle against the demon beasts. 
Harry and Hermione left the room with the rest of the class, who waited until they were well out of earshot, then burst into a furious tirade about Snape. “That was such an amazingly lame tirade there, I want to write it down and leave it for future generations. 
Together, they traipsed across the vegetable patch. said Professor McGonagall incredulously, but before she could go on, there was a knock on the door behind them and Professors Sprout, Flitwick and Slughorn traipsed into the room, followed by Hagrid, who was still weeping copiously, his huge frame trembling with grief. 
“I am not some frill-wearing tramp. He reminded Harry vividly of an old tramp he had seen once when out shopping with the Dursleys. 
Their transponders label them ours. The Rubicon Beacons are a sphere of transponders, each as large as two Obsidian, floating in space one million kilometers beyond Earth’s core, encircling the innermost domain of the Sovereign. 
The snake, on the other hand, was curled up on the rotting hearth-rug, like some horrible travesty of a pet dog. And my honor will not let me sit idly as this travesty unfolds.” 
Their camp is near the tree line, but an enclosing fence has been built around Mars Castle to prevent any sallies from the fortress. They were standing instead in a dark and overgrown graveyard; the black outline of a small church was visible beyond a large yew tree to their right. 
For a moment Harry had the strangest feeling that she wanted to say something to him: she gave him an odd, tremulous look and seemed to teeter on the edge of speech, but then, with a little jerk of her head, she bustled out of the room after her husband and son. — CHAPTER FOUR — The Seven Potters Harry ran back upstairs to his bedroom, arriving at the window just in time to see the Dursleys’ car swinging out of the drive and off up the road. Dumbledore’s smile was tremulous. 
To their very great relief, Hagrid had given up on direct contact with the Skrewts now, and they were merely sheltering behind his cabin today, sitting at a trestle table and preparing a fresh selection of food with which to tempt the Skrewts. Professor Grubbly-Plank stood waiting for the class some ten yards from Hagrid’s front door, a long trestle table in front of her laden with twigs. 
When they are gone, only the tropospheric shields that cover the prized continent of Helios will forestall the wrath of the Ash Armada. Beneath the faint shimmer of Darrow’s shifting tropospheric shields are small, icy poles, strings of mountain ranges. 
A trough runs icy water along the cold floor. Hagrid, he noticed, was keeping Madame Maxime’s horses well provided with their preferred drink of single-malt whisky; the fumes wafting from the trough in the corner of their paddock were enough to make the entire Care of Magical Creatures class light headed. 
Professor McGonagall poked a large spoon into the nearest tureen. Kreacher came bustling to the table with a large tureen in his hands, and ladled out soup into pristine bowls, whistling between his teeth as he did so. 
I pander, praying he can’t see through this two-bit bullshit. An old Pink in a nightgown and two Brown servants holding fire pokers guard the foot of the bed, shielding its inhabitant from us. 
“An uncouth statement to match such sloppy writing—I am aghast you call yourself a literary enthusiast, Dear Guest.” It is most uncouth.” 
Why not pump the air full of achlys-9 gas and replace the unruly Reds with clans from compliant mines nearer the equator?” His hair’s an unruly explosion of red, like mine, but more closely cropped, and his mannerisms are all hesitant, like a boy asking a girl to dance at Laureltide. 
He’s striking in his black and gold uniform—lean like a strand of golden summer wheat, with high cheekbones and warm eyes, but his face is distant and unyielding. He has an unyielding disposition, a tremor in his right hand. 
Homeless vagrants festoon the floors of the shadowy metal halls. Holiday pulls up Stefano’s bodycam and blurs through his day, starting in the precinct locker room, whizzing past interactions with vagrants and young hoods spraying graffiti of the Sovereign mating with a wolf, before coming to me. 
Subaru’s vainglorious search for praise, his gnawing desire for satisfaction, and his egotistical wish to be wanted, had been the unconscious extremes that had led him down his path. “Do you think I’m some vainglorious dullard?” 
‘But, sir,’ said Harry, making valiant efforts not to sound argumentative, ‘it all comes to the same thing, doesn’t it? It was because Ram had said it in such a thoroughly valiant way that Subaru respected her view so highly. 
My slingblade is coiled around my right vambrace just above the wrist. As is old custom, neither duelist wears armor, though Cassius is allowed an aegis: a small shield generator embedded in a metal vambrace on the back of his left forearm. 
Toying with the clown and the imbecile has driven away much of my tedium along the way—And besides, my vassal asked it of me.” Her eyes were frigid with the readiness to emotionlessly cast something aside, when her tranquil, clear voice stated plainly— “…is no vassal of mine.” 
There was a great vat of it down in the dungeon … he could’ve nicked some any time during that lesson …’ ‘Nicked what?’ Greeting me in the hallway of her cosy home, she leads me straight into the kitchen for a cup of tea, a slice of pound cake and, it goes without saying, a steaming vat of freshest gossip. 
Not only into the veracity of the nuclear threat, which was supposedly levied against us by the Sovereign. But toward the veracity of the Slave King’s actions throughout and preceding the Battle of Ilium. 
he sensation of compressing bands, but something was wrong … Hermione’s hand seemed to be sliding out of his grip … He wondered whether he was going to suffocate, he could not breathe or see and the only solid things in the world were Ron’s arm and Hermione’s fingers, which were slowly slipping away … And then he saw the door of number twelve, Grimmauld Place, with its serpent doorknocker, but before he could draw breath there was a scream and a flash of purple light; Hermione’s hand was suddenly vice-like upon his and everything went dark again. — CHAPTER FOURTEEN — The Thief Harry opened his eyes and was dazzled by gold and green; he had no idea what had happened, he only knew that he was lying on what seemed to be leaves and twigs. “The lawyer said Tharsus has given himself over to vice,” I say. 
They call him the Incorruptible for his punctilious nature and lack of vices. I do not speak of her vices. 
In the reptilian chill of the zoladone, I vivisect her. In less than ten seconds, I am the only one alive except for a pilot they pull from his cockpit to vivisect on the shoulder of his own mech. 
One of the marchers below flipped Mrs Roberts upside-down with his wand; her nightdress fell down to reveal voluminous drawers; she struggled to cover herself up as the crowd below her screeched and hooted with glee. There was Mad-Eye Moody, looking quite as sinister with his bowler hat pulled low over his magical eye as he would have done without it, his gnarled hands clutching a long staff, his body wrapped in a voluminous travelling cloak. 
He wags a finger. He wags a finger at me. 
They have called me a warmonger. Anything else is the fantasy of a warmonger.” 
said Hermione waspishly. ‘I expect “nothing”’s in the back getting more Firewhisky,’ said Hermione waspishly. 
Then she ran off with a wastrel and here’s the result right in front of us.’ “That’s expensive armor for a Pixie wastrel.” 
A squad of Gray policemen waylay us. Insisting that he needed to sleep, and almost flattening the little Creevey brothers as they attempted to waylay him at the foot of the stairs, Harry managed to shake everyone off, and climbed up to the dormitory as fast as he could. 
“You whelp. “Nothin’ military on board…” “Silence, whelp. 
Her arms are willowy, her face soft and sad as when I first saw her sitting with Mickey at his liquid table. Her willowy legs are folded under her, black-nailed hands picking at a blister on her big toe. 
I wince in pain. “Upon seeing your uncivilized figure in all its glory, even I can’t help myself but wince and smile at the same time.” 
We run through deserted lowDistricts, the bazaar where winding corridors lead us through rough streets and graffiti-stained walls. The front doors stood open, and the fluttering fairy lights in the rose garden winked and twinkled as they went down the front steps, where they found themselves surrounded by bushes, winding ornamental paths, and large stone statues. 
Mr Weasley, Mr Diggory and Cedric were still standing, though looking very windswept; everybody else was on the ground. From here they moved to a main street in the middle of a busy town, then to a viaduct surrounded by tall hills, then to a windswept road between high-rise flats, each time with a loud BANG. 
Next to the glossy rats in the cage, he looked especially woebegone. Until you have fought these…woebegone ruminants in a corridor, you know nothing.” 
You think we must be wroth with you, what with the murder of my mother, the execution of our friends, the bullets in the spine, the poison, and a year of torture for dear Reaper and I, but that’s not so. “My grandmother is wroth with you,” I say. 
Cho’s friend shrieked and slopped Butterbeer down herself; Terry Boot gave a kind of involuntary twitch; Padma Patil shuddered, and Neville gave an odd yelp that he managed to turn into a cough. When Hermione’s Daily Prophet arrived she smoothed it out, gazed for a moment at the front page and gave a yelp that caused everyone in the vicinity to stare at her. 
She consumed the great sinners of yore known as the Six Witches, swallowing up half the world in the process, the vilest of all calamities.” Marcus continued, “The Dragon Tablet, handed down by Holy Dragon Volcanica, has guided our kingdom’s path since the days of yore. 
a member of the aristocracy. late 18th century: from French aristocrate (a word of the French Revolution), from aristocratie (see ARISTOCRACY). aristocratic adj. of, belonging
(pl. antipathies) [mass noun] a deep-seated feeling of aversion: his fundamental antipathy to capitalism. late 16th century (in the sense ‘opposition of feeling, nature, or disposition’): from French antipathie, or via Latin from Greek antipatheia, from antipathēs ‘opposed in feeling’, from anti ‘against’ + pathos ‘feeling’. 
See miner2 bell-bottoms plural n. trousers with a marked flare below the knee: (as modifier bell-bottom) bell-bottom trousers. bell-bottomed adj. bellboy n. chiefly NORTH AMERICAN an attendant in a hotel who performs services such as carrying guests' luggage. bell buoy 
1 a large hawklike bird of prey with broad wings and a rounded tail, often seen soaring in wide circles. 
unknown origin), influenced by BLOT; partly a blend of BLOT and BOTCH. blotchy adj. (blotchier, blotchiest) covered with blotches; patchy: discoloration or blotchy skin on the legs. blotter n. 1 a sheet or pad of blotting
[HERALDRY] a broad border used as a charge in a coat of arms, often as a mark of difference. late Middle English: variant of BORDER. bore1 v. 1 [with obj.] make (a hole) in something with a tool or by digging: bore a hole in the wall to pass the cable through | [no obj.] the drill
species, including ragworms, lugworms, fan worms, and their relatives. bristling adj. 1 (especially of hair) short, stiff, and spiky. 2 aggressively brisk or tense: he fills the screen with a restless, bristling energy. bristly adj. (of hair or foliage) having a stiff and prickly texture. 
American term for sideboard (sense 1). early 18th century (denoting a sideboard): from French, from Old French bufet ‘stool’, of unknown origin. buffet2 
‘to read’. legion n. 1 a division of 3,000–6,000 men, including a complement of cavalry, in the ancient Roman army. (the Legion) the Foreign Legion. (the Legion) a national
Old French, or from late Latin contemptibilis, from Latin contemnere (see CONTEMN). contemptuous adj. showing contempt; scornful: she was intolerant and contemptuous of the majority of the human race. contemptuously adv. contemptuousness n. mid 16th century (in the sense ‘despising law and order’): from medieval Latin contemptuosus, from Latin contemptus ‘contempt’, from contemnere (see 
a small warship designed for convoy escort duty. 
align="middle" recindex="00027" hirecindex="00028"/>) [ANATOMY] part of the basal ganglia of the brain, comprising the caudate and lentiform nuclei. from CORPUS and Latin striatum, neuter of striatus ‘grooved’. corral 
It was hailed as a masterpiece of psychological realism, even though Crane himself had no personal experience of war. crane1 n. a large, tall machine used for moving heavy objects by suspending them from a projecting arm or beam. a moving platform supporting a television
grimly mocking or cynical: Starkey attempted a sardonic smile. sardonically adv. sardonicism n. mid 17th century: from French sardonique, earlier sardonien, via Latin from Greek sardonios ‘of Sardinia’, alteration of sardanios, used by Homer to describe bitter or scornful laughter. 
It rises at the Vinson Massif, the highest point in Antarctica, to 5,140 m (16,863 ft). elm (also elm tree) n. a tall deciduous tree which typically has rough serrated leaves and propagates from root suckers. 
participle of derelinquere, from de- ‘completely’ + relinquere ‘forsake’. dereliction n. [mass noun] 1 the state of having been abandoned and become dilapidated: a 15th-century farmhouse has been saved from dereliction. 2 (dereliction of duty) the shameful failure to fulfil one's obligations. late 16th century: from Latin derelictio(n-), from the verb derelinquere (see DERELICT).
f an established or orthodox Church. late Middle English: from Latin dissentire ‘differ in sentiment’. dissenter n. a person who dissents. 
(dingier, dingiest) gloomy and drab: a dingy room. dingily adv. dinginess n. mid 18th century: perhaps based on Old English dynge ‘dung’. dining car 
2 DEROGATORY an effeminate man. v. [no obj.] 1 live off a prostitute's earnings. 
He was a major influence on the development of systemic grammar. firth n. a narrow inlet of the sea; an estuary: [in place names] the Moray Firth. 
of distemper in dogs and other animals. hard palate n. the bony front part of the palate. hardpan n. [mass noun] a hardened impervious layer, typically of clay, occurring in or below the soil and impairing drainage and plant growth. hard-paste adj. denoting true porcelain made of fusible and infusible materials (usually kaolin
1 strongly infatuated: he became besotted with a local barmaid. 
adj. late Middle English: from French, of unknown origin. ogle v. [with obj.] stare at in a lecherous manner: he was ogling her breasts. n. a lecherous look. ogler n. late 17th century: probably from Low German or Dutch; compare with Low German oegeln, frequentative of oegen ‘look at’. 
1 [treated as sing. or plural] an ancient Roman military unit, comprising six centuries, equal to one tenth of a legion. 2 [treated as sing. or plural] a group of people with a shared characteristic: a cohort of civil servants patiently drafting legislation. 
US person of the opposite sex sharing living quarters (used to refer to a live-in sexual partner). possum n. a tree-dwelling Australasian marsupial that typically has a prehensile tail. 
a person who acts obsequiously towards someone important in order to gain advantage. sycophancy n. mid 16th century (denoting an informer): from French sycophante, or via Latin from Greek sukophantēs ‘informer’, from sukon ‘fig’ + phainein ‘to show’, perhaps with reference to making the insulting gesture
Philadelphia. philo- (also phil- before a vowel or h) combining form denoting a liking for a specified thing: philogynist. from Greek philein ‘to love’ or philos ‘loving’. philobat 
wicca ‘witch’ + -ED1. wickedness n. [mass noun] the quality of being evil or morally wrong: the wickedness of the regime. wicker n. [mass noun] pliable twigs, typically of willow, plaited or woven to make items such as furniture and baskets: [as modifier] a wicker chair. 
short for PSYCHIATRIST or PSYCHOLOGIST. [mass noun] short for PSYCHIATRY or PSYCHOLOGY. 2 (usually psyche) [BRIDGE] a psychic bid. adj. 
;mew gull’), of Germanic origin; related to Dutch meeuw and German Möwe. mewl v. [no obj.] (often as adj. mewling) (especially of a baby) cry feebly or querulously; whimper: dozens of mewling babies. (of a cat or gull) mew: the mewling cry of a hawk. late Middle English: imitative; compare with MIAUL. 
(pl. shuftis) BRITISH INFORMAL a look or reconnoitre, especially a quick one: I'll take a shufti round the wood while I'm about it. 1940s (originally military slang): from Arabic šāfa ‘try to see’. shul 
inally a term in archery in the sense ‘shoot at a casual mark of undetermined range’): perhaps from dialect rave ‘to stray’, probably of Scandinavian origin. rove2 past of reeve2. rove3 n. a sliver of cotton, wool, or other fibre, drawn out and slightly twisted, especially preparatory to spinning. 
, or other public transport in an area for a specified period. roving n. another term for rove3. [mass noun] roves collectively. roving commission 
[CHEMISTRY] any of a large group of synthetic azo dyes, mainly red, used as biological stains. mid 19th century (denoting the yellow colouring matter in saffron): from French. sag1 v. (sags, sagging, sagged) [no obj.] 1 sink, subside, or bulge downwards under weight or pressure or through lack of strength: she let her head sag lower and lower |
[mass noun] the quality of being sagacious: a man of great political sagacity. sagamore 
[mass noun] the quality of being sagacious: a man of great political sagacity. sagamore 
BRITISH INFORMAL the Salvation Army. early 20th century: alteration of SALVATION. sally1 n. (pl. sallies) 1 a sudden charge out of a besieged place against the enemy; a sortie. 
, or from late Latin contemptibilis, from Latin contemnere (see CONTEMN). contemptuous adj. showing contempt; scornful: she was intolerant and contemptuous of the majority of the human race. contemptuously adv. contemptuousness n. mid 16th century (in the sense ‘despising law and order’): from medieval Latin contemptuosus, from Latin contemptus ‘contempt’, from contemnere (see 
Strategic Arms Reduction Talks. start v. 1 [no obj.] begin or be reckoned from a particular point in time or space; come into being: the season starts in September | we ate before the film started | below Roaring 
NORTH AMERICAN a dumper truck. dumpy adj. (dumpier, dumpiest) (of a person) short and stout: her plain, dumpy sister. dumpily adv. dumpiness n. mid 18th century: from DUMPLING + -Y1. 
1 ignoring the true complexities of an issue; superficial: facile generalizations. (of a person) having a superficial or simplistic knowledge or approach: a man of facile and shallow intellect. 2 (of success, especially in 
species, including ragworms, lugworms, fan worms, and their relatives. bristling adj. 1 (especially of hair) short, stiff, and spiky. 2 aggressively brisk or tense: he fills the screen with a restless, bristling energy. bristly adj. (of hair or foliage) having a stiff and prickly texture. 
[GEOMETRY] a figure of toroidal shape. toroidal 
[GEOMETRY] of or resembling a torus. toroidally adv. 
Scandinavian origin; compare with Swedish viker ‘willow’; related to vika ‘to bend’. wickerwork n. [mass noun] wicker. furniture or other items made of wicker. wicket 
Some are Aegean renditions of Roque’s favorite opera, Tristan and Isolde, but most are feeds from our time at the Institute. 
“Akari, bear witness.” 
Surrounded by an unpredictable mob, looking up at a woman with the blood of Alia Snowsparrow running through her veins. 
A thick Andalusian rug covers the floor. 
On the display, the Severus-Julii ships are separating from the Sword Armada and firing at each other to try and skin away the leechCraft which festoon them. 
“Armistice?” 
Assuaging Subaru’s concerns, Reinhard made his report while deftly dancing around the problematic parts. 
“Would Athena stay Odysseus’s hand when he returned to Ithaca? 
I was named for a contradiction: a Spartan general who had the mind of an Athenian. 
The lift arrived; it was empty except for a flock of memos that flapped around Mr Weasley’s head as he pressed the button for the Atrium and the doors clanged shut. 
Avarice is his nature. 
‘I remember my grandfather had an Axminster that could seat twelve – but that was before carpets were banned, of course.’ 
The centaurs Bane, Ronan and Magorian burst into the Hall with a great clatter of hooves, as behind Harry the door that led to the kitchens was blasted off its hinges. 
‘He was a great Beater, though,’ said Ron, leading the way off the path into a small clearing, and sitting down on a patch of dry grass at the foot of a tree. 
“Belay that,” I say. 
“Better. 
As Subaru shouted the explanation, it was Bordeaux who had the strongest sense of being had. 
“Brutus?!” 
Mer-chieftainess Murcus has told us exactly what happened at the bottom of the lake, and we have therefore decided to award marks out of fifty for each of the champions, as follows … ‘Miss Fleur Delacour, though she demonstrated excellent use of the Bubble-Head Charm, was attacked by Grindylows as she approached her goal, and failed to retrieve her hostage. 
Bulkheads will seal off the wound, but those caught between the bulkheads and the tunnel are good as dead. 
Fred, George and Ginny came to sit next to them, too, and Harry was having such a good time he felt almost as though he was back at The Burrow; he had forgotten to worry about that evening’s task, and not until Hermione turned up, halfway through lunch, did he remember that she had had a brainwave about Rita Skeeter. 
And here I find you fattening yourselves like mulling kine, as if Calypso herself had besotted you with wine from her tits. 
This is Cannae. 
“ ‘Then, even then, Cassandra’s lips unsealed the doom to come: lips by a god’s command never to be believed or heeded by the Trojans.’ 
Close to, Harry thought he looked ill. 
“I am ArchLegate Lucius au Sejanus of the Praetorian Guard, First Cohort.” 
The Pax rotates to present her main gunbanks to the Colossus to open a broadside. 
Conditionally.” 
“Corporeal as a cormorant and still a spry dandy of a thing after so long in captivity.” 
Cowed by the strong tone she had never used, Subaru dove onto the floor without hesitation and sat properly on his knees. 
They spent most of the morning in Gryffindor Tower, where everyone was enjoying their presents, then returned to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch, which included at least a hundred turkeys and Christmas puddings, and large piles of Cribbages Wizarding Crackers. 
Cudgel his brains though he might, Harry could not remember Dumbledore ever mentioning a place in which he might hide something. 
“Dandy?” 
White golems trudge through this bleakness like the mechanized overseers of Dante’s hell. 
There was nothing in Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlocks … nothing in A Guide to Medieval Sorcery … not one mention of underwater exploits in An Anthology of Eighteenth-Century Charms, or in Dreadful Denizens of the Deep, or Powers You Never Knew You Had and What to Do With Them Now You’ve Wised Up. 
Then, one by one, figures began to pop into sight as their Disillusionment Charms lifted. 
At a glance, it seemed similar in size to a Doberman from his world, but it was built twice as thickly as the dogs Subaru had seen. 
‘That’s Edgar Bones … brother of Amelia Bones, they got him and his family, too, he was a great wizard … Sturgis Podmore, blimey, he looks young … Caradoc Dearborn, vanished six months after this, we never found his body … Hagrid, of course, looks exactly the same as ever … Elphias Doge, you’ve met him, I’d forgotten he used to wear that stupid hat … Gideon Prewett, it took five Death Eaters to kill him and his brother Fabian, they fought like heroes … budge along, budge along …’ The little people in the photograph jostled among themselves and those hidden right at the back appeared at the forefront of the picture. 
Draconic. 
builders of Venus), a Gold RHONE TI FLAVINIUS Lunese subPraetor, former second officer of the XIII Dracones Praetorian Guard under Aja, a Gray SENECA AU CERN Dux of Ajax, Centurion of the Iron Leopards, a Gold MAGNUS AU GRIMMUS/THE ASH LORD Former ArchImperator to Octavia au Lune, the Burner of Rhea, a Gold, killed by the Howlers and Apollonius au Valii
he said, his round face gleaming like a great, excited Edam. 
“Eerily so.” 
Errant marks abound. 
He checked the battered, old watch that had once been Fabian Prewett’s. 
Imperator Fabii is…effective. 
‘Fetching,’ said Ron. 
But Madame Maxime had already put her arm around Fleur’s shoulders, and was leading her swiftly out of the room. 
Mustang told me on our journey here that he uses a stone from the Roman Forum itself as a pillow. 
Cornelius Fudge, sweating slightly in his pinstriped cloak, was standing there staring out at the grounds. 
Globules of frozen blood and water from ship stores become blurs. 
Dumbledore closed the casket and placed the Goblet carefully on top of it, where it would be clearly visible to everyone in the Hall. 
‘Wasn’t he the one who saw a Grim and died twenty-four hours later?’ 
We choose two foils of Pacific sweet fried cod, a plastic bowl with olives swimming in oil, European Gruyère cheese wrapped in South American prosciutto and baked in a flaky pastry, and for dessert a pint of jasmine ice cream and custard-stuffed dates. 
A modern Gaius Terentius Varro, the fool who let Hannibal encircle him at Cannae. 
Thank you to Tricia Narwani for the Herculean labor of making me stay on pace and deciphering my convoluted family trees. 
Hookahs stand like emerald scarecrows amidst a sea of pillows and blankets. 
Dark or light, a day in Hyperion never truly ends. 
I’m like Philippe: just another canker. 
Atalantia thought she could steal my Imperator. 
“Indecorous,” he says in contempt. 
Infantry choke the giant fissures in the wall. 
“Insidiously dirty, you charmer.” 
“Invasive measures.” 
“Would Athena stay Odysseus’s hand when he returned to Ithaca? 
Which means the Sovereign has kept the Jackal’s sedition tight to her chest. 
Jetsam floats in the darkness—bits of metal, mattresses, coffeepots, frozen globes of machine fluid, and severed limbs. 
“It took two hundred fifty years…it’s how old the first dock there is,” says the Gold woman at her side, the traitor, Julii. 
The city, like all the other mountain cities of Io, draws its energy from the tidal heating caused by the war of Jupiter’s gravity on Io against the gravitational pull of Europa and Ganymede. 
Kite in the wind.” 
Luminescent ivy crawls up the walls. 
They joined each other, they criss-crossed, they fanned into every corner of the parchment; then words began to blossom across the top, great, curly green words, that proclaimed: Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs Purveyors of Aids to Magical Mischief-Makers are proud to present THE MARAUDER’S MAP It was a map showing every detail of the Hogwarts castle and grounds. 
‘Maybe the Marauders never knew the Room was there,’ said Ron. 
“Still wants to be Marcus Aurelius, I suppose.” 
Even Margrave Roswaal praised her as a capable worker, to the point that he commanded her to serve at his side during that significant time when the royal selection was underway. 
This one I stole from a robber-baron Silver in the Mass. 
“Matricidal psychopath! 
“Midway…? 
The enemy emerges from the dust like a line of mechanized Mongols. 
Near this eerie path on the spine of the Mons. 
Moronic though some of this class undoubtedly are, I expect you to scrape an “Acceptable” in your O.W.L., or suffer my … displeasure.’ 
“Nepotism there. 
Obelisks of radioactive smoke and debris grow upon the Plains of Caduceus. 
“Would Athena stay Odysseus’s hand when he returned to Ithaca? 
But where once reclined the whimsical heartbreaker of the Palatine now stands a soldier. 
Pan-tribalism wasn’t in place before the riot,” I say. 
My father and sisters have boarded the Pandora. 
’Bout the size of a Pekinese.’ 
But the rest of us were in Agea on the Citadel steps, where Augustus used to give the Perennial Address. 
A fifteen-million-credit diadem lies errant beside a stack of Titians and Renoirs and Phillipses. 
‘And in our first year,’ said Neville to the group at large, ‘he saved that Philological Stone –’ ‘Philosopher’s,’ hissed Hermione. 
Out there in the darkness, three Poseidon-class Republic submarines patrol the Porcupine Abyssal Plain that stretches from the west coast of the British Isles to the slopes of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. 
On Professor Sinistra’s other side was the sallow-faced, hook-nosed, greasy-haired Potions master, Snape – Harry’s least favourite person at Hogwarts. 
Precocious as you are, you are not the only one with an army. 
Prithee, Captain, assemble your men in the cargo hold and none of you will be liquidated.” 
“She came to the captain on Psyche. 
Marble columns stretch up behind him, carved with Ptolemaic effigies. 
Holiday has her commandos haul the QR-13 with us, only able to keep pace with our long legs because of our heavy armor. 
Your brother is my Quaestor. 
“And I thought your messiah master wouldn’t let you off the leash for some R&R. 
Raking a destroyer as we pass with a full broadside. 
Raucous singing was borne towards them on the night air as they retraced their steps along the lantern-lit path, and leprechauns kept shooting over their heads, cackling and waving their lanterns. 
On Friday evening last, the third day of the Mensis Martius, I received a brief from the brave men and women of the Republic Reconnaissance Division. 
Reductive thinking, really.” 
A fifteen-million-credit diadem lies errant beside a stack of Titians and Renoirs and Phillipses. 
Rheumatism too. 
Saboteurs were wrecking operations. 
Please let it be Scorpio himself. 
‘Scurvy cur,’ said Ron. 
Seething, Harry replaced his wand inside his robes and made to leave the room. 
He does not look like a Seneca. 
On the display, the Severus-Julii ships are separating from the Sword Armada and firing at each other to try and skin away the leechCraft which festoon them. 
“Mustang bought it for me last Solstice.” 
Now, Ste—I mean, you should take it and get out of here, so you don’t get it stolen from you again.” 
Sulfur eyes peer out from a mess of freckles. 
“The Senate is more corrupt than the Syndicate. 
Harry had finally managed to tell Ron the whole story of his and Hermione’s various wanderings, right up to the full story of what had happened at Godric’s Hollow; Ron was now filling Harry in on everything he had discovered about the wider wizarding world during his weeks away. ‘… and how did you find out about the Taboo?’ 
‘Tactless!’ 
Tactus’s brother asks. 
Tendrils of blue worm through the corners of her eyes from relapsed cellular rejuvenation therapy. 
This is our Thermopylae. 
They seem more like racing Thoroughbreds jockeying for position. 
A fifteen-million-credit diadem lies errant beside a stack of Titians and Renoirs and Phillipses. 
“Topiaries.” 
He finished the war between the Bellona and the Augustuses, and the Sovereign’s cooperation and silence was his price for my Triumph. 
He’d escaped Lord Voldemort three times, he wasn’t completely useless … Unbidden, the image of the beast in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent crossed his mind. 
“Usurper,” she says, refusing to use Mustang’s honorific. 
A modern Gaius Terentius Varro, the fool who let Hannibal encircle him at Cannae. 
“Virga, are the Howlers in position?” 
Vivacious, you know. 
GOROTH, PYTHA, AND I WIND through the bowels of the ancient city in a darkness so complete memory guides the man instead of his large eyes. 
Wan faces illuminated by pale light. 
‘What’s happened to him?’ 
Whitecaps mark the dark water that lashes the northern beach’s sea stacks. 
Percy looked slightly abashed. 
The animosity stemming from the riot has not abated entirely, but the wedding brings a sense of nostalgic normalcy. 
That you’ll always be alone, and any present company is an aberration. 
Snape might refer to their work as ‘cleaning’, but in Harry’s opinion they were really waging war on the house, which was putting up a very good fight, aided and abetted by Kreacher. 
As the moon steeled itself against the next wave of war, those cretins absconded with the combined heritage of man. 
As the Triumphia widens and abuts the stairs that lead up to the New Forum, I face one final summit. 
The effect was further accentuated by his left and right eyes being different colors, the first yellow, the other blue. —Well, it might have if he wasn’t decked out in that weird outfit and makeup that made him look like a clown. 
“I apologize I could not bring more men, and for the accoutrement,” he says, frowning at the blue and silver armor he wears. 
“No matter what fate waits beyond those doors, do not acquiesce. 
She nods acquiescence. 
“A deputation of devils come to my acropolis with calamity on their heels? 
The bell rang, and there was the usual scuffle of activity as everyone packed their bags and swung them onto their shoulders. 
The old legion adage makes me feel even older than does the old ache in my right knee. 
Morfin was sitting in a filthy armchair beside the smoking fire, twisting a live adder between his thick fingers and crooning softly at it in Parseltongue: ‘Hissy hissy, little snakey, Slither on the floor You be good to Morfin Or he’ll nail you to the door.’ 
‘He’s completely addled, you know – still thinks he’s a teapot. 
When the Justice has finished her benediction, she is led to her bone chair at the edge of the marble by White adjuncts. 
“If this were an ordinary magic user I wouldn’t be complaining, but…this one’s a problem,” replied Rom, with a hint of admonishment in his voice, narrowing his eyes as he looked at Not-Satella. 
For the first time ever, she was at least as inattentive to Professor Binns in History of Magic as Harry and Ron were, keeping up a stream of whispered admonitions that Harry tried very hard to ignore. ‘… and if she does catch you there, apart from being expelled, she’ll be able to guess you’ve been talking to Snuffles and this time I expect she’ll force you to drink Veritaserum and answer her questions …’ ‘Hermione,’ said Ron in a low and indignant voice, ‘are you going to stop telling Harry off and listen to Binns, or am I going to have to take my own notes?’ 
But his vanity is so deep that he thinks affectation a sign of boorish decadence. 
Was she affecting that one? 
‘I must say, your agapanthuses are flourishing.’ 
‘Coincidence,’ said Hermione airily, pouring herself some pumpkin juice. 
The small Copper greets Sevro and me with great alacrity, bowing deeply and flourishing his hand. 
“Move, you albino sack of pubic hair.” 
That aloof disposition made it easy for him to get isolated. 
Anemic assholes think it profound to feign an air of aloofness, hiding behind contracts and commerce the way spiders hide and wait behind their webs. 
Temperate alpine elevations characterize the north, jungles stretch to the south. 
Middle-aged, small of stature, with a narrow, pleasant face, a large nose, cold eyes, and an ambivalence toward fashion that borders on antagonism. 
If you were about as tall as Emilia-tan and me, we’d have quite a little love comedy going on here…” He left Beatrice to stew indignantly at his comment as he gave Emilia an amorous glance. 
They were standing on the topmost tier of what seemed to be stone benches running all around the room and descending in steep steps like an amphitheatre, or the courtroom in which Harry had been tried by the Wizengamot. 
“If anatomically possible.” 
A necropolis of animalistic spires flecked with topaz, zircon, and myriad nesosilicate rocks looms above us, blocking the sky like the petrified remains of a great dragon host. 
Back on the platform, they found Lily and Hugo, Rose’s younger brother, having an animated discussion about which house they would be sorted into when they finally went to Hogwarts. 
Malfoy was talking animatedly to Crabbe and Goyle, who were chortling. 
And here I was admiring their civilization like a gorydamn anthropologist. 
Her allies quiet respectfully, but as insult, her husband’s allies speak on with one another and turn their backs to express their antipathy. 
How antiquated they suddenly seem, seeking to replicate the glory of what once was. 
The Brown leads me into a sitting room and closes the new aperture behind us. 
I suppose an air of self-satisfaction is natural amongst the apex predator of the sky. 
They swarm in a mound of legs and teeth over some carcass above the surface of the colony and make a line to carry the food from the top desert level down into the belly of their labyrinth, past storage rooms, barns for aphids, egg hatcheries and nurseries filled with squirming larvae. 
She was entirely round, now, like a vast life buoy with piggy eyes, and her hands and feet stuck out weirdly as she drifted up into the air, making apoplectic popping noises. 
He hated hearing it, but Subaru’s lack of common knowledge made that appraisal hard to shake. 
Angelina gave Fred an appraising sort of look. 
Fudge acted as though Mr Weasley and Harry were part of the wall, but again, the witch looked almost appraisingly at Harry as she passed. 
“Much approbation is granted Paganini as the great violin virtuoso of the pentadactyl period. 
Hermione squashed this plan by pointing out that, in the unlikely event that Harry managed to learn how to operate an aqualung within the set limit of an hour, he was sure to be disqualified for breaking the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy – it was too much to hope that no Muggles would spot an aqualung zooming across the countryside to Hogwarts. 
“Scorpio is just a paranoid arachnid.” 
THE MORNING AFTER THE HEIST, on my least favorite day of the year, I drain the vodka from my glass, waiting for the arbiter to finish his inspection. 
It brings us no pleasure to voice these charges, but we, the Olympic Council, are bound by duty to charge Romulus au Raa with one count of arch treason.” 
Near the center of the lake, I tap his shoulder and point to one of the many archipelagoes. 
Unsupported by any surrounding wall, the archway was hung with a tattered black curtain or veil which, despite the complete stillness of the cold surrounding air, was fluttering very slightly as though it had just been touched. 
I’ve never met the annoyingly aristocratic creature before, and I’m glad for it. 
“Two hundred bottles of arrack. 
Harry looked up again at Dumbledore, on whose face there was an arrested look. 
In short order, we find Alexandar sitting with his helmet off in the shadows of an arroyo. 
Strikes have shut down the public trams and now only the aerial arteries flow. 
Lean, bald, and as cruel looking as a vulture, the most famous artificer in the Society wrinkles his nose and sniffs a line of demon dust from a dispenser. 
Beatrice waved a finger as she spoke. 
Ron was still ashen-faced and silent. 
Both Cyra and Dano are short, and the only way to tell them apart in their hooded black bodysuits is the sizable paunch around Cyra’s midsection, that and the fact that Dano is doing the splits stretching for his part in the play, and humming an asinine Red ditty to himself. 
Madam Rosmerta, the pretty landlady, didn’t seem to think much of this; she was looking askance at Moody as she collected glasses from tables around them. 
‘I listen, Ron,’ said Hermione, with a touch of asperity. 
They will grow curious, spread, and assimilate. 
Harry felt that nothing but action would assuage his feelings of guilt and grief and that he ought to set out on his mission to find and destroy Horcruxes as soon as possible. 
It is quite useless for assuaging my boredom.” 
At just under four kilometers in length, the behemoth is shaped like an atavistic spear. 
Beneath, atop a cluster of atolls garlanded with anti-aircraft batteries, six automatic turrets swivel on gyroscopes, filling the air with metal. 
The bar itself is located inside the gutted carcass of an old advertising dirigible that someone renovated in an attempt to commercialize irony. 
I discovered from eavesdropping that half of the powerful Golds in here were called to Sungrave from their own mountain cities or moons before the coup began, under the false auspices of an emergency summons sent out by Dido under Romulus’s warrant. 
One that rubbed shoulders with Gold autarchs and sculpted libraries and arcane devices for their pleasure from Mercury to Luna. 
He didn’t know why, but Emilia seemed averse to the attention. 
He could appreciate it on logical and practical grounds, but his aversion to it was no doubt an instinctive reaction to something so emblematic of bureaucracy. 
He was now asking Professor McGonagall for news of the Firebolt after every Transfiguration lesson, Ron standing hopefully at his shoulder, Hermione rushing past with her face averted. 
“We must throw a fete of bacchanalian proportions,” the muscled Gold says. 
Hermione was two rows of tombstones away; he had to wade back to her, his heart positively banging in his chest. 
She slaps my butt before backpedalling, blowing me an obnoxious kiss and jogging to her shuttle. 
And ain’t that backward for a maid?!” 
They hurried along the corridor to the place Dobby had described to Harry, a stretch of blank wall opposite an enormous tapestry depicting Barnabas the Barmy’s foolish attempt to train trolls for the ballet. 
The thought of having survived thanks to something so banal and trivial provided Subaru a brief respite from his self-loathing. 
Her bandy metal legs are up on the console, a coffee cup balanced precariously on her hydraulic joint as she watches a holo comedy about a Red moving in with a Violet and Gray in Hyperion City; hijinks ensue. 
Parvati readjusted her bangles, beaming; she and Harry said ‘See you in a minute’ to Ron and Padma, and walked forwards, the chattering crowd parting to let them through. 
But Rex’s banks around the pylon, arcing like a kite on a tight line, and then rockets back the way it came, rounding the obstacle in a blink. 
“It’s not just about my son,” she says, baring all her cards. 
“Cassius, you gorydamn hound,” the Truth Knight says, voice a deep baritone. 
He spotted Hedwig nestled between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to her, sliding a little on the dropping-strewn floor. 
Unlike the stark, muted grandeur of modern Martian gear, his favors the baroque of the Core. 
Her hair was a radiant orange like the sun itself, flowing through a single barrette before spilling down her back. 
“Clearly you have an energy source to make war feasible, even though the termites have made Mars an impregnable bastion. 
“If we destroy the Free Legions as they strike the Belt bastions and the Dockyards of Phobos, the trauma to the Republic would be absolute. 
Harry said nothing; he did not much fancy doing his shopping while surrounded by a battalion of Aurors. 
Once in the air when I didn’t spot an anti-aircraft battery. 
Now, as Roque’s battlecruisers and torchShips pass the moon, Sevro and six thousand soldiers in starShells pour out of the caverns. 
She looked scared and more batty than ever. 
Harry didn’t understand why he was doing it, didn’t know what it might achieve … but he now concentrated as he had never done in his life, on forcing that bead of light right back into Voldemort’s wand … and slowly … very slowly … it moved along the golden thread … it trembled for a moment … and then it connected … At once, Voldemort’s wand began to emit echoing screams of pain … then – Voldemort’s red eyes widened with shock – a dense, smoky hand flew out of the tip of it and vanished … the ghost of the hand he had made Wormtail … more shouts of pain … and then something much larger began to blossom from Voldemort’s wand tip, a great, greyish somet
Even if I brought the Colossus to bear on them, the fleets would be evenly matched. 
‘Hawkshead Attacking Formation’ he read, as he watched the three Irish Chasers zoom closely together, Troy in the centre, slightly ahead of Mullet and Moran, bearing down upon the Bulgarians. 
Harry, Ron and Hermione turned and saw the gigantic outline of Hagrid at the other end of the platform, beckoning the terrified-looking new students forward for their traditional journey across the lake. 
By the phalera that bedeck Ajax’s armor, I see he has already fulfilled his childhood dreams. 
The tents here had not been bedecked with plant life, but each and every one of them had the same poster attached to it, a poster of a very surly face with heavy black eyebrows. 
said Professor McGonagall sharply to the bedraggled crowd. 
There was a silence in which Ron fidgeted absent-mindedly with a hole in his Chudley Cannons bedspread. 
There were no seats; instead, half a dozen brass bedsteads stood beside the curtained windows. 
When she saw Harry, her prominent eyes seemed to bulge excitedly and she made a beeline straight for him. 
I have a few things to say to you all, and as one of them is very serious, I think it best to get it out of the way before you become befuddled by our excellent feast …’ Dumbledore cleared his throat and continued. 
Coincidence bringing Cassius into the Rim beggars belief. 
And his reward was to be stuck in Little Whinging for four solid weeks, completely cut off from the magical world, reduced to squatting among dying begonias so that he could hear about water-skiing budgerigars! 
I am sure the Dark Lord will not begrudge you the girl, Greyback, after what you have done tonight.’ 
His scarred, blunt face is not handsome according to Palatine tastes, but like his slumped shoulders and brutish hands, it belies a quiet, terrible potential. 
Most looked almost ordinary; their owners had clearly tried to make them as Muggle-like as possible, but had slipped up by adding chimneys, or bell-pulls, or weather-vanes. 
I follow a bellhop who takes my bags to the well-appointed bar. 
With the supposed thieves having finally lost all vestiges of belligerence, the silent girl broke the atmosphere. 
She stares back belligerently. 
He wears a look of wary bemusement. 
“I am not berating him, whatsoever. 
To beseech your senators to reject fear. 
She looked at him beseechingly, but he shook his head and she turned away bitterly. 
“—I shall now chastise the base ruffian who has besmirched my knightly honor! 
‘She ain’t answering, you old besom! 
Is that why he was so besotted?” 
Hadn’t he once, long ago, heard of bezoars? 
The first suitor makes their bid, poorly. 
‘Yes, you have,’ said Fudge forcefully, ‘and I have no reason to believe that your views are anything other than bilge, Dumbledore. 
“They’ve filled your head with bilious dreck.” 
He got to his feet and strode past the class, his black robes billowing behind him. 
I pander, praying he can’t see through this two-bit bullshit. 
Her cruel eyes are the color of bitter sulfur, set in a face calloused and riven with age. 
Felt’s question, posed with arms crossed and a bad attitude, made the soldier’s face visibly blanch. 
Ron examined an odd sort of pale blancmange closely, then moved it carefully a few inches to his right, so that it would be clearly visible from the Ravenclaw table. 
‘But don’t you see, Harry, that if he intended the diary to be passed to, or planted on, some future Hogwarts student, he was being remarkably blasé about that precious fragment of his soul concealed within it. 
“Does he really have six blocs?” 
“Romulus…” His words falter as an image of Asteroid S-1988, part of the Karin sub-family of the Koronis family of asteroids in the Kuiper Belt between Mars and Jupiter, blossoms in the air. 
She’s hidden her face under the frame because her nose has gone all blotchy …’ ‘I’ve got something to tell you,’ Harry began, but they were interrupted by Fred and George, who had looked in to congratulate Ron on infuriating Percy again. 
A pair of enormous purple toads sat gulping wetly and feasting on dead blowflies. 
The concentrated firepower of the Ash Armada bludgeons the thousand-kilometer-wide breach. 
I blunt a tank breakout on the western flank, exchange starShells at the foothills of the Hesperides after taking a round to the chest. 
Where is the bluster, the charisma? 
When they passed between the tall stone pillars topped with winged boars on either side of the gates to the school grounds, Harry leaned forwards to try and see whether there were any lights on in Hagrid’s cabin by the Forbidden Forest, but the grounds were in complete darkness. 
Fred looked across the hall at the poltergeist bobbing on his level above the crowd. 
‘No, he’s still stuck in the bog,’ said Ron. 
6 By the time they arrived at the village, bonfires burned brightly, pushing back the dark of night. 
Bellerephon spits boorishly on the ground. 
And dead metal drifts off, pulled inexorably to Ganymede’s bosom. 
They popped out of the walls and tables to do a spot of formation gliding; Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had a great success with a re-enactment of his own botched beheading. 
To the boudoir we go again with our ugly cousins.” 
His heart gave a huge bound as he ripped back the paper and saw a sleek black leather case with silver words stamped across it: Broomstick Servicing Kit. 
“A petty bourgeois like me just can’t understand a princess’s sense of money.” 
That vigor he retained throughout our many bouts in the early stages of the war. 
squeaked an excited voice, the moment Harry had opened the door; a small man in a mauve top hat was sweeping him a deep bow. 
They saw him bowl Harry over, then seize Ron … ‘Looks even worse from here, doesn’t it?’ 
There should have been a presentation ceremony, but in the circumstances …’ He crammed his bowler hat onto his head, and walked out of the room, slamming the door behind him. 
‘Get back, you scurvy braggart! 
He was reading a wooden signpost that was sticking out of the brambles on the left-hand side of the road. 
Not one for bravado, she makes a sniping motion, her only salvation against the apex predators of my breed. 
A second later, the first century of starShells from a Carthii destroyer enters the hellmouth and disappears into the breach. 
“That sounds like a criminal kidnapping her, but that doesn’t exactly fit him… Crap, the good-looking ones get all the breaks.” 
They passed portrait after portrait, and the painted figures raced alongside them, wizards and witches in ruffs and breeches, in armour and cloaks, cramming themselves into each other’s canvases, screaming news from other parts of the castle. 
‘Couldn’t do me a brew, I suppose? 
At some point, he ascended a slope, not slowing his pace when branches and briar patches scratched him. 
“I talk to you, don’t I?” — Min-Min lounges in the brig guard post forward of the cellblock with her rifle leaning against the wall when Sevro and I arrive to talk with Apollonius. 
Victra bristles at the challenge. 
My bad for being too big for my britches. 
The Pax rotates to present her main gunbanks to the Colossus to open a broadside. 
But Roque’s fleet is nimble and ten squadrons divide from the rest, orientating themselves so their bristling broadsides face the bows of the Moon Lord ships coming up from the planet’s south pole and rake them with railgun fire. 
A brooding black vessel shiny as the belly of a pitviper, with a dancing red fox on its upright wings. 
It screams toroids of energy down the hall, bucking the Obsidian into Thraxa. 
The owl was so small, in fact, that it kept tumbling over in the air, buffeted this way and that in the train’s slipstream. 
‘Well, bully for Professor Vector,’ said Ron moodily. 
A flicker of a memory, no longer than the flash of a lighting match, burgeons in the recesses of my mind. 
Harry recognised Rowena Ravenclaw from the bust he had seen at Luna’s house. 
They perch rank upon rank along the Boösaule’s crest, some of them encompasing whole peaks, legs straddling frosted valleys, their wide wings buttressing their great heights as they crane their stone necks up as if to drink the gases of marbled Jupiter. 
“You wretched buzzard. 
I suck water from my suit’s caches and step away from the commotion of the landing legions. 
It’s a cacophony of sound. 
He just sits there like a cultured yeti with those eerie eyes bugging out of his cadaverous face. 
Ah, I see his house-elf’s saving him a seat … good job too, these Bulgarian blighters have been trying to cadge all the best places … ah, and here’s Lucius!’ 
Roque mourned for me and visited the cairn I built atop Lea only to find that wolves dug in and had stolen the body. 
One could even say he was cajoling her into bringing sophistry and threats at him. 
Mud cakes my burning calves. 
And now, if they gain Seraphina’s evidence, they will awaken. — The scent of foreign incense fills my nose as the steam from the caldarium walls filters soundlessly up from the hypocaust beneath the floor into the dim room. 
Having finished doing calisthenics with all her might, Emilia’s face showed the new title had made a deep impression. 
‘Well, well,’ said Greyback, and Harry could hear the tiniest note of trepidation in that callous voice, and knew that Greyback was wondering whether he had indeed just attacked and bound the son of a Ministry official. 
She turns to me with a callousness that reminds me of how she watched my duel with Cassius. 
The young soldier is no longer the callow, insecure youth who entered my service as a lancer four years ago. 
He sprinted out of the room, leaving Harry and Seamus alone together, an uncomfortable moment made no easier when a bird dropping landed on Seamus’s head as one of Hermione’s canaries whizzed over them. 
For a long time, Harry lay staring up at the dark canopy of his bed. 
Once, the Ascomanni were just deepspace legends, dark whispers passed by traders and smugglers to new recruits in the shadowy hollows of asteroid cantinas or docking-bay watering holes. 
taunted Bellatrix, as mad as her master, capering as Molly’s curses danced around her. 
The capillaries pop, the tissue stretches inward, the nail cuts in. 
Once she gave up, she could accept the sufferings of daily life, like a reed bending with the wind. —She wondered how long she would have to bear her own weak capitulation. 
He pulls violence to him, drinks it into his current, and leaps around the battlefield with a seemingly mindless capriciousness. 
The three-ton starShells, with their apelike elongated limbs and armored carapaces, make them appear in the bright daylight like a dark band of crustaceous golems. 
Murdering metal with molten tungsten carbide teeth. 
‘I am afraid,’ she went on, ‘that the nag – I’m sorry, the centaur – knows nothing of cartomancy. 
If he just piled on negative images, he would lose himself, cast into despair too deep for his exuberance to get him out of. 
“Top of the evening,” my team’s cat, Dano, a young, pimply Red, says without looking back. 
Not the glory Cassius loved, or the noble fight Alexandar chases, or the cathartic revenge Sevro needs, but the primal essence of battle itself. 
We drive toward the cauldron of clouds that swirls around the highest skyscrapers. 
A whole cavalcade of assault craft led by Victra. 
It’s a cephalopod. 
IN A SMALL CORNER BOOTH in a shady back room of a cesspit, two slags are slouched drinking out of dirty glasses like pervy old gargoyles. 
Her inability to do anything but watch Roswaal battle alone chafed at her. 
I move to sit with her on the chaise, but she clucks her tongue. 
He was the chaperone for a girl who seemed to be arrogance incarnate. 
And as if ripping off an insect’s wings with cherubic innocence, she stated matter-of-factly, “I am now in a very good mood.—Consequently, you may spare their lives.” 
said Cho, indicating a number of golden cherubs that were hovering over each of the small, circular tables, occasionally throwing pink confetti over the occupants. 
Once you had got over the first shock of seeing something that was half horse, half bird, you started to appreciate the Hippogriffs’ gleaming coats, changing smoothly from feather to hair, each of them a different colour: stormy grey, bronze, a pinkish roan, gleaming chestnut and inky black. 
Next moment, Harry found himself being shunted out into the icy winter air, with Tonks (today heavily disguised as a tall, tweedy woman with iron-grey hair) chivvying him down the steps. 
Infantry choke the giant fissures in the wall. 
Nearly Headless Nick chortled so much that his ruff slipped and his head flopped off, dangling on the inch or so of ghostly skin and muscle that still attached it to his neck. 
My left foot is numb and sweating through the sock in its rubber shoe, and my right arm is bent so awkwardly into the stone that my knock-off Valenti chronometer is drilling into the bone of my wrist with every. 
“He’s a pompous, churlish, three-inch backstabbing rat,” a woman drawls. 
This idea is pretty simple, but we came about it the hard way, by losing weeks and months of our own lives to a whirling churn of busyness. 
I cinch the opening closed with finality. 
“A pedestrian’s penchant for circumambulatory locomotion is the pedantic paroxysm of a pleonasm of peremptory drivers and sometimes leads to imperfectly preventable parricide.” 
What I see through the walls are Yellows hunched over holoDisplays, studying diagrams and videos, White hierophants reading in cloisters, carver laboratories alive with experiments, barracks of Grays, and great cisterns and botanical gardens abuzz with bees and Reds plucking fruits from rows of subterranean bushes growing under artificial light. 
“I ask you, are you working with one of Lady Emilia’s rival claimants to the throne?” 
‘You are disturbing the clairvoyant vibrations!’ 
‘It’s all a lot of claptrap,’ said Uncle Vernon, glaring at Harry with piggy little eyes. 
‘Ah,’ said Wood, his expression clearing. 
They cleave through us. 
To the northeast along the Petasos Peninsula are the rising elevations and temperate climes of a tiara of heavily populated cities called the Children. 
A lone clog, the size of a small boat, lay abandoned in front of them. 
What I see through the walls are Yellows hunched over holoDisplays, studying diagrams and videos, White hierophants reading in cloisters, carver laboratories alive with experiments, barracks of Grays, and great cisterns and botanical gardens abuzz with bees and Reds plucking fruits from rows of subterranean bushes growing under artificial light. 
Society Grays push their way through halls like seals under water, taking their revenge on my floating Obsidians, robbed of their closing speed, who’ve mauled so many of their friends. 
It’s already coagulating. 
Slowly, indistinct shapes coalesce, though a pulsing blue afterimage remains in my vision. 
The memory coalesces. 
Darrow’s, wherever it hides, can be nothing more than a coalition of deserters in borrowed vessels. 
They were soon arguing enjoyably about the match; Mr Weasley got drawn into a disagreement about cobbing with Charlie, and it was only when Ginny fell asleep right at the tiny table and spilled hot chocolate all over the floor that Mr Weasley called a halt to the verbal replays, and insisted that everyone went to bed. 
‘Well, the Heads of the participating schools are always on the panel,’ said Hermione, and everyone looked around at her, rather surprised, ‘because all three of them were injured during the Tournament of 1792, when a cockatrice the champions were supposed to be catching went on the rampage.’ 
Diomedes walks back to me and cocks his head as if I were the most curious of bugs. 
The memory howls with warning, because I remember my tutor Hieronymous droning on about ancient codices outlining the rules of an impeachment trial. 
Repeated, serious clashes with neighboring nations—in particular, skirmishes with the Empire—have drained our coffers; with the large famine last year, the finances of the Kingdom of Lugunica are in a precarious state.” 
“Talking wastes wind, slows cogitation. 
First cohort, on me…” The connection dies. 
And Harry heard the high, cold voice again. 
“Powerful curses place a commensurate burden upon the body. 
It wasn’t to commiserate or show me your piano. 
‘I told them you’d take it like this,’ said Hermione, with a hint of complacency. 
Hagrid had never quite managed to comport himself with the dignity of Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor House, the top of whose head came up to somewhere between Hagrid’s elbow and shoulder as they were sitting side by side, and who was looking disapproving at this enthusiastic greeting. 
Aunt Petunia was compulsively straightening cushions. 
The Ash Lord’s fleet is spread out like a screen to cover Luna’s darkside, where the Citadel is, like a concave shield. 
‘Professor Snape has very kindly concocted a potion for me,’ he said. 
As he passed gleaming wooden door after gleaming wooden door, each bearing a small plaque with the owner’s name and occupation upon it, the might of the Ministry, its complexity, its impenetrability, seemed to force themselves upon him so that the plan he had been carefully concocting with Ron and Hermione over the past four weeks seemed laughably childish. 
There’s a concussion in the air behind me. 
Since the day Sevro and I hijacked Orion’s ship in our escape over Luna, the Blue has been my confidante, my stalwart ally, my saving grace against the incredible sophistication of Gold naval Praetors. 
Subaru gave Emilia a congenial smile, complete with a glint of his teeth and a thumbs-up. 
Here the thin conifers whisper to heights four times those possible on Earth. 
“Tongueless is on his conjugal visit again.” 
He leans forward with a conspiratorial smile. 
They litter the floor in mesh cages that constrict around their bodies. 
“Dido au Saud a consul? 
Mad-Eye dead; it could not be … Mad-Eye, so tough, so brave, the consummate survivor … At last it seemed to dawn on everyone, though nobody said it, that there was no point waiting in the yard any more, and in silence they followed Mr and Mrs Weasley back into The Burrow, and into the living room, where Fred and George were laughing together. 
But still the contagion has spread. 
He prayed that the demon beasts would show them contempt and not pounce the instant they landed— “Er, wha…?” 
Mustang snorts contemptuously. 
Huge, shadowy forms descend in the storm, their eldritch contours suggested by spasms of lightning. 
Anemic assholes think it profound to feign an air of aloofness, hiding behind contracts and commerce the way spiders hide and wait behind their webs. 
Free Legion contrails form over the sea in response. 
‘I see no evidence to the contrary!’ 
As his speech and mobility improved, Healer Strout encouraged Mr Bode to look after the plant himself, unaware that it was not an innocent Flitterbloom, but a cutting of Devil’s Snare which, when touched by the convalescent Mr Bode, throttled him instantly. 
I trust everyone kept breakfasts down dinners up,” Ajax says convivially. 
He doesn’t look good, he’s covered in blood, I ran along to Elfrida Cragg’s portrait to get a good view as they left –’ ‘Good,’ said Dumbledore as Ron made a convulsive movement. 
Black made a startled movement that almost dislodged Crookshanks; Harry gripped his wand convulsively – Do it now! 
He carries a datapad to take copious notes of his grandmother’s conversation and smiles to Cassius as we enter, watching me with the wary interest you’d watch a tiger through duroglass. 
said Professor McGonagall incredulously, but before she could go on, there was a knock on the door behind them and Professors Sprout, Flitwick and Slughorn traipsed into the room, followed by Hagrid, who was still weeping copiously, his huge frame trembling with grief. 
A bottle of wine is open on the table beside the fireplace, where eagles and crescent moons of House Lune are carved into the stone corbels. 
(In time this would lift – in later years they re-established, if not a close relationship, then certainly a cordial one.) 
‘How really corking to see you –’ ‘I said, that’s enough,’ said Mrs Weasley, depositing her shopping in an empty chair. 
“Corporeal as a cormorant and still a spry dandy of a thing after so long in captivity.” 
She’s with the other Senators who I had to corral in the Chamber before they could flee like little flies and take their ships with them.” 
Your docks were destroyed, yet somehow you found a way to build new ships like that curious corvette in my hangar. 
And while I’m sure they’re very admirable and brave and all the rest of it, I don’t personally fancy the mortality rate –’ ‘You don’t have to join the Order to teach at Hogwarts,’ said Harry, who could not quite keep a note of derision out of his voice: it was hard to sympathise with Slughorn’s cosseted existence when he remembered Sirius, crouching in a cave and living on rats. 
‘Oh,’ said Ron, cottoning on. 
“…Do you breach the Passage as if it is a matter of course, I wonder?” 
A hatred such as he had never known before was coursing through Harry like poison. 
And I’m not a good enough liar to keep pace with this prim courtesan. 
As Grandmother said: “A courtier without a Dancing Mask is as vulnerable as a Praetor without armor.” 
Every morning they made sure that they had removed all clues to their presence, then set off to find another lonely and secluded spot, travelling by Apparition to more woods, to the shadowy crevices of cliffs, to purple moors, gorse-covered mountainsides and, once, a sheltered and pebbly cove. 
His eyes met those of someone covertly watching them from the entrance to the foyer, open just a tiny crack. 
The crone is a nasty, covetous creature. 
It holds its secrets covetously behind arms of fog and veils of pine needles. 
The words cow her. 
Subaru, cowed by the pressure of Emilia’s glare, shrank and nodded meekly. 
Men of war made into simpering sprites and disporting coxcombs. 
The man isn’t bothering with coyness now that we’re in relative private. 
said Ron, craning over the heads to read the new notice. 
Branches caught at Harry’s hair and robes, but he lay quiescent, his mouth lolling open, his eyes shut, and in the darkness, while the Death Eaters crowed all around them, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed neck of Harry Potter … The two giants crashed along behind the Death Eaters; Harry could hear trees creaking and falling as they passed; they made so much din that birds rose, shrieking, into the sky and even the jeers of the Death Eaters were drowned. 
She reached again into her crocodile bag, and drew out a long acid-green quill and a roll of parchment, which she stretched out between them on a crate of Mrs Skower’s All-Purpose Magical Mess-Remover. 
“Politico cravens…” someone murmurs. 
Dumbledore had already crossed the crenellated ramparts and was dismounting; Harry landed next to him seconds later and looked around. 
Passing the Elorian Opera House, I see a line of Golds perched on its highest crenellation, staring up at the sky, their glorious war helms spiked with horns so they look a troupe of gargoyles balanced there, silhouetted by lightning, waiting for hell to rain. 
He walked out through the entrance of the tent, the panic rising into a crescendo inside him. 
As the moon steeled itself against the next wave of war, those cretins absconded with the combined heritage of man. 
Court Scribe, Percy Ignatius Weasley –’ ‘Witness for the defence, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore,’ said a quiet voice from behind Harry, who turned his head so fast he cricked his neck. 
As far as he was concerned, the stripping-down of a brand-new Firebolt was nothing less than criminal damage. 
“That kind of stiff attitude will just crimp my style… Wait, that’s what you think?” 
yelled the knight, and they saw him reappear in front of an alarmed group of women in crinolines, whose picture hung on the wall of a narrow spiral staircase. 
said Professor McGonagall crisply. 
Oddly enough, it was furnished in exactly the same sort of style as Mrs Figg’s; there were crocheted covers on the mismatched chairs, and a strong smell of cats. 
“Look, Hypatia, our old friend,” she croons. 
Slightly cross-eyed, with shoulder-length white hair the texture of candyfloss, he wore a cap whose tassel dangled in front of his nose and robes of an eye-watering shade of egg-yolk yellow. 
It’s a devilish system, pins down boarding forces as security teams with digital keys run about the ship at ease, flanking and creating deadly killboxes and cross-fires that can shred even a boarding party like mine. 
A tiny boy no older than two was crouched outside a large pyramid-shaped tent, holding a wand and poking happily at a slug in the grass, which was swelling slowly to the size of a salami. 
I look down at the crown of her golden head and see the darkness of her roots. 
The three-ton starShells, with their apelike elongated limbs and armored carapaces, make them appear in the bright daylight like a dark band of crustaceous golems. 
Everything is cracked, everything is stained except the fragile moments that hang crystalline in time and make life worth living. 
He downs his whisky and pours himself another, surprisingly agile in in his cuffs. 
A number of small scuffles broke out in the corridors, culminating in a nasty incident in which a Gryffindor fourth-year and a Slytherin sixth-year ended up in the hospital wing with leeks sprouting out of their ears. 
His eyes rested on Harry and his lip curled. 
The notoriously curmudgeonly Blue stands with her hands on her hips and a parrot on her shoulder. 
‘We could curtsey, if you like,’ said George. 
A moment before Subaru lost sight of her, she held the edges of her skirt and slightly curtsied. 
“If the next time we meet is in a bright place with lots of people around I’ll be able to relax, too,” said Subaru cynically, but it was all he could do just to get that out. 
Roque dabs the blood and spit away with the same napkin he used for the cheesecake and follows Vela away from the table toward the steps that lead back into the home. 
‘But of course,’ she said, lowering the quill and looking daggers at Hermione, ‘Little Miss Perfect wouldn’t want that story out there, would she?’ 
“Corporeal as a cormorant and still a spry dandy of a thing after so long in captivity.” 
‘Unobtrusive things, obviously, so Muggles don’t go picking them up and playing with them … stuff they’ll just think is litter …’ They trudged down the dark, dank lane towards the village, the silence broken only by their footsteps. 
Xenophilius had been positively dapper at Bill and Fleur’s wedding by comparison. 
A light rain had started to fall by mid-afternoon; it was very cosy sitting by the fire, listening to the gentle patter of the drops on the window, watching Hagrid darning his socks and arguing with Hermione about house-elves – for he flatly refused to join S.P.E.W. when she showed him her badges. 
‘Yes,’ said Harry, tearing his eyes away from the dog’s and dazedly consulting his booklist. 
“So when I went back the first time, it was debilitation causing death in my sleep…” As Subaru waited for morning, he’d been assaulted by unbearable cold and sleepiness. 
“I fear that the meekness of our resolve, the bickering and backbiting on which we have so decadently glutted ourselves, will rob us of the unity of will that moved the world forward to a fairer place, where respect for justice and freedom has found a foothold for the first time in a millennium. 
So I rise and pour three fingers of scotch from one of his decanters and watch the holoTube in the lounge. 
I ask, deflecting. 
“Barusu was so deft, it was revolting. 
This kind individual deigned to engage these old bones in conversation, helping me pass the time pass quite enjoyably.” 
For his part, Subaru was a little dejected at her brushing off his favor so easily. 
Aside from the shuttle, the gravity beam pulled down a deluge of rain, seven fliers, a forest of shrubs from balconies, several clotheslines, and three shattered hoverbikers who died by smashing into the floor at nine hundred kilometers per hour. 
Again and again my efforts have been rebuffed by the demagogues of the Vox Populi. 
She sat beside her sister, as unlike her in looks, with her dark hair and heavily lidded eyes, as she was in bearing and demeanour; where Narcissa sat rigid and impassive, Bellatrix leaned towards Voldemort, for mere words could not demonstrate her longing for closeness. 
“Manners, brother; when at the mercy of your enemies, petulance demeans your entity.” 
I remember her as a demure, gentle creature in love not with the glory of war, but the grace of poetry and architecture. 
Subaru’s praised made Rem’s cheeks go red as she demurred. 
She demurs to me.” 
The place is abandoned except for Romulus’s soldiers and the fortress’s other two breeds of denizen—robed Obsidians with bare feet and bald heads, with iron pyramids emblazoned on their simple gray robes, and several White hierophants who wear strange perruques made of coarse blue-black hair. 
It’s still too heavy for me,” the man called Reinhard muttered with a tinge of self-deprecation in his voice. 
He depresses the remote. 
Makes some of them look positively deranged. 
“Antonia au Severus-Julii, matron of House Julii and Praetor First Class of the Fifth and Sixth Legions, by the power vested in me by the Compact of The Society, I find you guilty of treason and dereliction of duty in a time of war and hereby sentence you to death.” 
Amongst the Core Golds he was privileged and educated, yet derided for being the spawn of a traitor. 
Darrow’s, wherever it hides, can be nothing more than a coalition of deserters in borrowed vessels. 
“Asmodeus, please desist,” Atalantia says. 
Fleur Delacour gave him a very patronising look, and he desisted. 
I laugh despite myself. 
“When I was your age…” “You despoiled half the women on Mars,” I say. 
A check on despotism. 
The only other path is across the Waste of Ladon, and I’d rather have dinner with the Fear Knight than dare cross that devourer of armies. 
Professor Trelawney gave her a dewy smile. 
But now, with the Obsidian diaspora from the poles of Earth and Mars, that myth has become reality. 
Her arms were folded, her lips were pursed and she seemed to be chewing her tongue, as though biting back the furious diatribe she longed to throw at Harry. 
Instead of the ceremonial armor appropriate for the reception of enemy dignitaries, Atalantia’s elite wear field armor. 
He registered dimly how strange it was that the Dursleys, who flinched, winced and squawked if they heard words like ‘wizard’, ‘magic’ or ‘wand’, could hear the name of the most evil wizard of all time without the slightest tremor. 
‘I particularly enjoyed your description of me as an obsolete dingbat.’ 
“How diplomatic.” 
“A daughter of Venus must have found this place…strange,” I say diplomatically, trying to pull Cassius away from his obvious endgame. 
The bar itself is located inside the gutted carcass of an old advertising dirigible that someone renovated in an attempt to commercialize irony. 
A steel-toed boot disabuses me of my empathy. — When I come to in a small pool of my own spit, I see the world sideways. 
If you swore that all of a sudden, it would feel raaather disconcerting. 
‘I think we can agree that you are not dead – though, of course,’ he added, as if fearing he had been discourteous, ‘I do not minimise your sufferings, which I am sure were severe.’ 
“This may be an even greater discourtesy… If you hail from Volakia with such wounds, were you a Sword Slave by any chance?” 
‘If he was a Death Eater, he had access to Voldemort, and if he became disenchanted then he would have wanted to bring Voldemort down!’ 
Similarly, there’s an exodus of Gold, Silver, and Copper ships away from Mars to Luna or Venus, which have become refugee centers for disenfranchised patricians. 
‘Yes, yes, fine,’ said the Prime Minister distractedly, and he barely flinched as the flames in the grate turned emerald-green again, rose up and revealed a second spinning wizard in their heart, disgorging him moments later on to the antique rug. 
Squinting towards the entrance, he saw two panting wizards carrying into the box a vast golden cup, which they handed to Cornelius Fudge, who was still looking very disgruntled that he’d been using sign language all day for nothing. 
Had I intended to use you in that manner, I would have had you dismembered in the street yesterday. 
“Gives me new perspective looking back on my school days with the weekends off…” Subaru had often disparaged his Spartan instructor during the last four days. 
Nobody seemed much disposed to follow. 
If anything, the pace has increased as the coup solidifies and the dissenters are clipped one by one. 
But I would ask you to dissuade your diminutive accomplice from displaying any lupine flavors. 
A Ministry wizard had already spotted them; as he hurried past Harry, Ron and Hermione, he muttered distractedly, ‘In broad daylight! 
“—You dithered too much.” 
There may be a certain amount of scarring, but if you take dittany immediately we might avoid even that … come …’ He supported Malfoy across the bathroom, turning at the door to say in a voice of cold fury, ‘And you, Potter … you wait here for me.’ 
Both Cyra and Dano are short, and the only way to tell them apart in their hooded black bodysuits is the sizable paunch around Cyra’s midsection, that and the fact that Dano is doing the splits stretching for his part in the play, and humming an asinine Red ditty to himself. 
“Did you divulge to them the nature of the information you carried?” 
The doe-eyed manservant at Roswaal Manor! 
‘Until we meet again,’ he said to the Dursleys, who looked as though that moment could wait for ever as far as they were concerned, and after doffing his hat, he swept from the room. 
There were several vases full of dried flowers, each one residing on its own doily, and on one of the walls was a collection of ornamental plates, each decorated with a large technicoloured kitten wearing a different bow around its neck. 
Rita’s book lay on the ground between them, so that the face of Albus Dumbledore smiled dolefully at both. 
‘Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret …’ Harry and Hermione both laughed, and Hermione began doling beef casserole onto each of their plates. 
Professor Trelawney bent down, and lifted, from under her chair, a miniature model of the solar system, contained within a glass dome. 
The goblin bowed his great, domed head in acknowledgement, then flexed his short legs. 
A withered gaboon lizard watches me from the roof of a refugee domicile as it chews on a night moth. 
The room is as domineering as its subjects. 
Their children might don Muggle clothing during the holidays, but Mr and Mrs Weasley usually wore long robes in varying states of shabbiness. 
Welders and repairmen dot hulls like benevolent barnacles. 
The girl gave off an aura of distinct dottiness. 
Pearly white and semi-transparent, Nick was dressed tonight in his usual doublet, with a particularly large ruff, which served the dual purpose of looking extra festive and ensuring that his head didn’t wobble too much on his partially severed neck. 
Sevro watches dourly from the ramp of the Nessus, no doubt misjudging my politeness for fondness. 
When he’s not in his toga, he still wears the same drab suits he did as a public lowColor defense lawyer before the war. 
The Obsidians here wear black helmets with draconic shaped skulls and dark purple on their body armor. 
“How many senators were Praetorian dragoons who can also quote Silenius’s Meditations? 
Everything was lit with a dim, crimson light; the curtains at the windows were all closed, and the many lamps were draped with dark red scarves. 
As it rose in the jar, it cracked open and a hummingbird emerged, which was carried to the very top of the jar, but as it fell on the draught its feathers became bedraggled and damp again, and by the time it had been borne back to the bottom of the jar it had been enclosed once more in its egg. 
One of the marchers below flipped Mrs Roberts upside-down with his wand; her nightdress fell down to reveal voluminous drawers; she struggled to cover herself up as the crowd below her screeched and hooted with glee. 
The drawing room dazzled after the darkness outside; even with his eyes almost closed Harry could make out the wide proportions of the room. 
‘Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge,’ they chanted drearily. 
“They’ve filled your head with bilious dreck.” 
By the time they see us coming to their right, we’re amongst them, firing point-blank and drenching our blades. 
She’s lean, with withered patience, a pinched mouth, and a methodical, droll disposition. 
I examine the drooping clock in the painting on the wall. 
After putting four successive classes in detention and failing to discover their secret, she was forced to give up and allow the bleeding, swooning, sweating and vomiting students to leave her classes in droves. 
‘We thought we heard your dulcet tones.’ 
He thought it was a bit rich of Uncle Vernon to call anyone ‘dumpy’, when his own son, Dudley, had finally achieved what he’d been threatening to do since the age of three, and become wider than he was tall. 
“You’re dressing them all up in dusters and giving them juicy contracts to steal for you.” 
“So a loop or a time slip, huh… I mean, I’m used to this sort of thing happening in manga, but I saw somewhere that realistically it was really hard to explain time travel to the past…like, that it would be easier to remake the world from scratch rather than slip back in time.” 
Eric Olsen, for your contagious, ebullient spirit, boundless dreams, and for introducing me to the peerless Olsen Clan. 
“Away from the fight with the civilians and rear echelon?” 
The serenity in the Raa’s movement and the dignity in their conversation are more impressive to me than all the carver-enhanced visages and pompous exchanges of Luna’s upper echelons. 
As soon as you eclipse them in the mirror, it won’t be the mirror they break.” 
“Milton, for your edification. 
Marble columns stretch up behind him, carved with Ptolemaic effigies. 
Their remains stirred feebly on the floor, and as Harry leapt over one of their disembodied heads it moaned faintly, ‘Oh, don’t mind me … I’ll just lie here and crumble …’ Its ugly stone face made Harry think suddenly of the marble bust of Rowena Ravenclaw at Xenophilius’s house, wearing that mad headdress – and then of the statue in Ravenclaw Tower, with the stone diadem upon her white curls … And as he reached the end of the passage, the memory of a third stone effigy came back to him: that of an ugly old warlock, on to whose head Harry himself had placed a wig and a battered, old tiara. 
“He may be an egregiously pretentious quisby, but he’s no puppet of the Slave—” She cuts him off with a look. 
“What’s our point of egress?” 
ejaculated Slughorn, who looked the most shaken, pale and sweating. 
The elaborate imprint on the tape marked it as a high-quality item. 
“No…” Holiday says with an elated laugh. 
Huge, shadowy forms descend in the storm, their eldritch contours suggested by spasms of lightning. 
One criticizes the flavor of the man meat and longs to eat fresh elk. 
Startled, Chance bends the elm, and as it snaps, the duel begins. 
Blowed if I can see where she’s got to … she doesn’t seem the type to elope, for instance … but still … what are we doing, talking about goblins and Bertha Jorkins? 
The familiar sweet perfume emanating from the fire met their nostrils as they emerged at the top of the stepladder. 
He could appreciate it on logical and practical grounds, but his aversion to it was no doubt an instinctive reaction to something so emblematic of bureaucracy. 
The story had been picked over so many times, and had been embroidered in so many places, that nobody was quite sure what the truth was any more. 
“He knows about the emissaries?” 
However, Subaru’s body had taken the bullets that, in the worst case, would have spread to others still, those not only in his employ but also, more importantly, Emilia. 
The sky outside was so brightly blue it looked as though it had been enamelled. 
Despite the fear I feel at my incarceration, I can’t help but be enamored by the testament to human will. 
The encroachment of Subaru Space had already exceeded Rem’s comprehension. 
Nor does it detract from our imminent endeavor.” 
Neither of the others answered; all three of them knew that Snape and Harry’s mutual enmity had been absolute from the moment Harry had set foot in Hogwarts. 
“Still, I thought it would take at least several weeks for the ennui to set in. 
That the Free Legions, the beating heart of this great human enterprise, which has broken the chains on Luna, Earth, and Mars, and around which we were to build future legions of liberty, would perish under an Iron Rain in the deserts and mountains of Mercury. 
The exams were nearly upon them, and instead of lazing around outside, the students were forced to remain inside the castle, trying to bully their brains into concentrating while enticing wafts of summer air drifted in through the windows. 
The entitlement of it rankles me. 
“Manners, brother; when at the mercy of your enemies, petulance demeans your entity.” 
With the high ground and an entrenched position, we might yet survive this. 
“Only thing easy is entropy.” 
This particular opponent had appeared on the news that very day, not only to enumerate all the terrible things that had happened in the last week (as though anyone needed reminding) but also to explain why each and every one of them was the government’s fault. 
At her feet, the epaulets of an ArchPraetor are flecked with blood but the body is seemingly unmolested. 
The mountain ridge is littered with boulders and spiked ephedra, but empty of Howlers. 
The epidermis begins to bubble and peel away. 
‘Or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph?’ 
“I fear that in this disunity we will sink back into the hideous epoch from which we escaped, and that the new dark age will be crueler, more sinister, and more protracted by the malice which we have awoken in our enemies. 
Despite that affection, nothing from my childhood with Atalantia—not our nights at the Hyperion Opera, not our hand-in-hand critiques of Violet exhibitions, nor even our mutual affection for equestrian husbandry—could disabuse me of the suspicion that I was little more than a doll for her to dress up and parade around. 
Before all else, Praetorians are equestrians. 
Before I was a pirate, I was an equites.” 
“Don’t equivocate. 
‘I suppose I get my strength from my parents, I know they’d be very proud of me if they could see me now … yes, sometimes at night I still cry about them, I’m not ashamed to admit it … I know nothing will hurt me during the Tournament, because they’re watching over me …’ But Rita Skeeter had gone even further than transforming his ‘er’s into long, sickly sentences: she had interviewed other people about him, too. 
Following Alexandar’s coordinates, we ditch the bikes at the base of the mountains and use our gravBoots to scale the escarpments, careful to not fly too high for fear of ground-to-air missiles. 
‘The Order is eschewing any form of transport that is controlled or regulated by the Ministry; they mistrust everything to do with the place.’ 
Their thick-boned frames are fortressed by heavy muscle grown under strict prenatal observation, esoteric chemical protocols, and tenacious physical competition with their peers. 
Ron and Hermione both gave Harry half-exasperated, half-commiserating looks. 
‘I’ve got no chance with these on,’ Harry said exasperatedly, waving his glasses. 
He boosts up and assembles the ripWing cannon he and Rhonna harvested from the graveyard, hooking the man-sized gun to his armor’s homemade exoskeleton. 
One of Kobachi’s employees, a gangly young Green, monitors the experiential over a tray of nasal caffeine inhalers. 
Yet it fitted: Lord Voldemort had seemed to grow less human with the passing years, and the transformation he had undergone seemed to me to be only explicable if his soul was mutilated beyond the realms of what we might call usual evil …’ ‘So he’s made himself impossible to kill by murdering other people?’ 
If he just piled on negative images, he would lose himself, cast into despair too deep for his exuberance to get him out of. 
For when that of this wicked age once open’d was the vein, Therein all mischief rushed forth, then faith and truth were fain, and honest shame to hide their heads; for whom stept stoutly in, Craft, treason, violence, envy, pride, and wicked lust to win. —OVID, METAMORPHOSES, 1.129–34
Even Stan’s pimples went white; Ern jerked the steering wheel so hard that a whole farmhouse had to jump aside to avoid the bus. 
The Jackal brushes an errant strand from his fastidiously parted hair and smiles fondly at me. 
When she handed him the potato, he accepted it, fawning over it like a child. 
Our flanks secured by a sheer mountain façade, I survey the siege with Screwface. 
He makes a feint at my face. 
‘Krum was feinting!’ 
ds, as the wind rushed through his hair, as the crowd’s faces became mere flesh-coloured pinpricks below, and the Horntail shrank to the size of a dog, he realised that he had left not only the ground behind, but also his fear … he was back where he belonged … This was just another Quidditch match, that was all … just another Quidditch match, and that Horntail was just another ugly opposing team … He looked down at the clutch of eggs, and spotted the gold one, gleaming against its cement-coloured fellows, residing safely between the dragon’s front legs. 
Her legs are bionic from the femur down. 
Then a tear near the brim opened wide like a mouth, and the hat broke into song: ‘A thousand years or more ago, When I was newly sewn, There lived four wizards of renown, Whose names are still well known: Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor, Fair Ravenclaw, from glen, Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad, Shrewd Slytherin, from fen. 
All he had was anguish he could not speak of to anyone, ferocious pain without anyone who could hear him complain. 
The suits of armour were suddenly gleaming and moving without squeaking, and Argus Filch, the caretaker, was behaving so ferociously to any student who forgot to wipe their shoes that he terrified a pair of first-year girls into hysterics. 
‘Never – do – that – again –’ said Moody, speaking each word as the ferret hit the stone floor and bounced upwards again. 
The first thing they saw on entering Hagrid’s cabin was Buckbeak, who was stretched out on top of Hagrid’s patchwork quilt, his enormous wings folded tight to his body, enjoying a large plate of dead ferrets. 
Grays, Reds, and a scattering of sympathizer Golds will lead them against the security forces who take trams and gravLifts to ferry themselves to the new battlefront inside the ship. 
“We must throw a fete of bacchanalian proportions,” the muscled Gold says. 
The atmosphere of feverish excitement was highly infectious; Harry couldn’t stop grinning. 
It was a gift from my late fiancé. 
“When the people of a fiefdom suffer harm, it calls the lord into question. 
I cinch the opening closed with finality. 
Professor Trelawney moved into the firelight, and they saw that she was very thin; her large glasses magnified her eyes to several times their natural size, and she was draped in a gauzy spangled shawl. 
That went double for the cause of death being first-degree murder. 
Then, at last, Sirius slipped out of sight, and when they reached the place where he had vanished, they saw a narrow fissure in the rock. 
Imprisoned for centuries in the ice, the curvature of the machine’s top hull, nearly a kilometer in diameter, is warped and rife with fissures. 
When the Dementors approached him, he heard the last moments of his mother’s life, her attempts to protect him, Harry, from Lord Voldemort, and Voldemort’s laughter before he murdered her … Harry dozed fitfully, sinking into dreams full of clammy, rotted hands and petrified pleading, jerking awake only to dwell again on the sound of his mother’s voice. 
Parvati set off for Divination five minutes later looking slightly crestfallen. 
The oak front doors had been blasted open; there were smears of blood on the flagstones and several terrified students stood huddled against the walls, one or two still cowering with their arms over their faces; the giant Gryffindor hour-glass had been hit by a curse and the rubies within were still falling, with a loud rattle, on to the flagstones below … Harry flew across the Entrance Hall and out into the dark grounds: he could just make out three figures racing across the lawn, heading for the gates beyond which they could Disapparate – by the looks of them, the huge b
They are flailing, scattered, and weak.” 
I turn around to search our flanks for Darrow. 
He had had occasion before now to wonder whether the Invisibility Cloak worked on cats … sick with apprehension, he watched Filch drawing nearer and nearer in his old flannel dressing-gown – he tried desperately to pull his trapped leg free, but it merely sank a few more inches – any second now, Filch was going to spot the map or walk right into him – ‘Filch? 
I told him I’d flay him alive if he went, and now look! 
It, too, had a view of the sea, now flecked with gold in the sunrise. 
How he could see where he was going, Harry had no idea; there were flecks of blood flying through the air behind him, but he was drawing level with Lynch now, as the pair of them hurtled towards the ground again – ‘They’re going to crash!’ 
Ron, who was still very white, gave him a fleeting look, but did not speak. 
A dozen fleets waver through the gutter puddles of her rain-soaked streets, only to be shattered by the calf-high boots worn by the children of four planets and thirty moons. 
‘And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.’ — CHAPTER FOUR — Horace Slughorn Despite the fact that he had spent every waking moment of the past few days hoping desperately that Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him, Harry felt distinctly awkward as they set off down Privet Drive together. 
The woman looks back to me, flinty eyes searching. 
Snape flitted in and out of the house several times more, though to Harry’s relief they never came face to face; Harry also caught sight of his Transfiguration teacher Professor McGonagall, looking very odd in a Muggle dress and coat, and she also seemed too busy to linger. 
Fred pulled something from inside his cloak with a flourish and laid it on one of the desks. 
They’ll flush me like they did in the dump at 121. 
Dancing through them with her blades fluttering into faces and knees. 
Tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was sitting on a large pile of cushions beside Professor Sprout, the Herbology teacher, whose hat was askew over her flyaway grey hair. 
Today he had managed to capture two unicorn foals. 
And your villa has been a constant source of debauchery and media fodder. 
My valet has been attempting to foist a meal on me for hours. 
Goodness, these fools do not interest me even slightly.” 
Subaru had cleared the forested slopes, arriving at a foothill nestled among the mountains. 
A broad, square-jawed witch with very short grey hair sat on Fudge’s left; she wore a monocle and looked forbidding. 
That’s the magician of the highest rank… He’s the foremost magic user in the entire kingdom.” 
He forged on through the trembling passages, his wand at the ready, and for the length of one corridor the little painted knight, Sir Cadogan, rushed from painting to painting beside him, clanking along in his armour, screaming encouragement, his fat little pony cantering behind him. 
“And you’re a hypocritical fornicator.” 
It seems Senator Caraval has more testicular fortitude than his side part would suggest. 
Is it not fortuitous thaaat you decided to share a meal with me after so looong?” 
At that moment, a wizard in plus-fours appeared out of thin air next to Mr Roberts’s front door. 
I must tell you, Ron, that nothing could put you in danger of losing your badge more than continued fraternisation with that boy. 
You – you’re –’ Ron was obviously casting around for words strong enough to describe Hermione’s crime, ‘fraternising with the enemy, that’s what you’re doing!’ 
They’re dead because she promised freight she couldn’t deliver.” 
Great frescoes explode with color along marble walls. 
It seemed to be stirring fretfully. 
There, the Nessus, a stolen Society Xiphos-class frigate of war, lies cold and quiet under camouflage tarps in the shadow of granite escarpments. 
It had a mouldy-looking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuffs. 
Pansy Parkinson was clutching Malfoy’s arm, in very frilly robes of pale pink. 
“ ‘Into this wild Abyss the warie fiend stood on the brink of Hell and look’d a while, pondering his voyage; for no narrow frith he had to cross!’ 
Harry knew this must be Ogden; he was the only person in sight, and he was also wearing the strange assortment of clothes so often chosen by inexperienced wizards trying to look like Muggles: in this case, a frock-coat and spats over a striped one-piece bathing costume. 
Subaru knew that the lights frolicking around Emilia were lesser spirits because Emilia had said as much during the loop in the royal capital. 
Wulfgar flings up his aegis, and the pearlescent energy shield blossoms from his right arm. 
He gave the sword another fruitless tug, tried and failed to mount the fat pony, and cried, ‘On foot then, good sirs and gentle lady! 
she added, pointing her wand at the misshapen canvas, which in one fluid motion rose into the air and settled, fully constructed, on to the ground before Harry, out of whose startled hands a tent peg soared, to land with a final thud at the end of a guy rope. 
Only half of what I am is an elf,” she said in a tone as if she was making a painful confession, and Subaru furrowed his brow. 
Sophocles spent most of his days trotting around the ship with Liam and me, following along dutifully behind Kavax, or curled up in his master’s chambers, but now he catches one whiff of the pink birds and he’s nearly pulling my arm out of its socket to claw furrows in the trunks of trees. 
A withered gaboon lizard watches me from the roof of a refugee domicile as it chews on a night moth. 
‘Quite gaga these days, I’ve heard,’ said Auntie Muriel cheerfully. 
Lot of gall you have there. 
His extraordinary good looks helped magnify his sense of gallantry, and with one glance you could tell that this young man was a cut above the rest. 
The Republic’s relief ships arrived the next morning to bawdy choruses hurled out from the throats of young gallants and lasses. 
Both were dressed as Muggles, though very inexpertly; the man with the watch wore a tweed suit with thigh-length galoshes; his colleague, a kilt and a poncho. 
I twirl an extendable cane out before me in front of the mirror and work my face through the gamut of emotions to check for creases in the makeup and resFlesh scars. 
There was a simple reason for Sirius’ complete absence from Harry’s life until then – Sirius had been in Azkaban, the terrifying wizard gaol guarded by creatures called Dementors, sightless, soul-sucking fiends who had come to search for Sirius at Hogwarts when he had escaped. 
For, though her first gaoler had died, there was no change in the pitiful condition of Ariana Dumbledore. 
Dudley had even looked up from his pie to gape at his parents. 
She gives me an eager thumbs-up and looks for more garages. 
She’s at home now, her prisoner jumpsuit gone, and wears the garb of the Io. 
Beneath, atop a cluster of atolls garlanded with anti-aircraft batteries, six automatic turrets swivel on gyroscopes, filling the air with metal. 
They’d moved from the waiting room of the castle to the knights’ garrison adjacent to the castle. 
Fantastic stuff: there’s an exhaust gaskin, as I believe it’s called, the most magnificent battery, and it’ll be a great opportunity to find out how brakes work. 
Malfoy’s gaunt, petrified face seemed branded on the inside of his eyes. 
Professor Trelawney moved into the firelight, and they saw that she was very thin; her large glasses magnified her eyes to several times their natural size, and she was draped in a gauzy spangled shawl. 
Music trickling from a Violet zitherist playing underneath an ivy gazebo that looks out at the Citadel and the mountains to the north. 
A carved creature with spindly legs and a gelatinous torso that reminds me of the mud leeches in the river outside 121. 
“No, but on the Rim, we geld unctuous Obsidians,” Seraphina replies. 
he boomed genially, twiddling the ends of his walrus moustache and puffing out his enormous belly. 
“It’s obvious to a genital wart it has virtue. 
And Dido is anything but conciliatory to the gens Grimmus. 
It’s not genteel.” 
The waifish captain tilts his head genteelly behind me. 
Horn, but we are a genus in common.” 
He is a geode of a man. 
“Be not ashamed, geriatric friends.” 
‘Looks like a gibbon with two black eyes.’ 
Ron and Hermione sat themselves down opposite him, looking happier than they had done since he had first arrived at Grimmauld Place, and Harry’s feeling of giddy relief, which had been somewhat dented by his encounter with Lucius Malfoy, swelled again. 
The sun was already sinking behind the Forbidden Forest, gilding the top branches of the trees. 
About twenty purple-and-gilt chairs stood in two rows here, and Harry, filing into the front seats with the Weasleys, looked down upon a scene the like of which he could never have imagined. 
Pytha rushes to Cassius and gingerly unlatches the mask. 
‘Slimy gits,’ Ron muttered, as he, Harry and Hermione turned to face the pitch again. 
As Smith strode away in an annoyingly buoyant fashion, Ron glared after him. 
This worked quite well, though it seemed to give him a glazed look, because Aunt Marge started voicing the opinion that he was mentally subnormal. 
With one word, Emilia cut off Subaru’s typically glib reply. 
“That’s why you never do anything for free,” I say glibly. 
‘I wouldn’t be so sure if I were you, dear,’ said Professor Trelawney, the firelight glinting on her long emerald earrings. 
I think you have very bad habit of glossing things over, like just now.” 
Mrs Weasley was still glowering as she kissed Mr Weasley on the cheek, though not nearly as much as the twins, who had each hoisted their rucksacks onto their backs and walked out without a word to her. 
Harry sat down in his vacated chair, staring glumly at the floor. 
“Breach,” I say as I goose my gravBoots and leap forward. 
Clumps of white hair cling to the gore. 
When he withdrew it, some silvery substance came away, stretching from temple to wand like a thick gossamer strand, which broke as he pulled the wand away from it and fell gracefully into the Pensieve, where it swirled silvery-white, neither gas nor liquid. 
And on the hologram behind Roque, the Pax begins to release gouts of blue flame. 
He mocks his own grandiloquence, a dark irony staining his smile. 
The fire, he now saw, had been lit in the grate. 
With a great jangling and clattering a lift descended in front of them; the golden grille slid back and Harry and Mr Weasley stepped into the lift with the rest of the crowd and Harry found himself jammed against the back wall. 
I grind the taller man back, our blades a kinetic shower of sparks and blood-hungry metal. 
As we melt our way through bulkhead after bulkhead, Sefi’s Valkyrie feed the grinder. 
I grab a razor from the body of a downed Red and roll to my feet just as a razor emerges from my left bicep as if my body is giving birth to a meter-long tongue of grisly metal. 
‘They’ve known each other a year,’ said Ron, who looked oddly groggy and was staring at the closed door. 
Frank had not entered it for many years; nevertheless, although it was very dark, he remembered where the door into the hall was, and he groped his way towards it, his nostrils full of the smell of decay, ears pricked for any sound of footsteps or voices from overhead. 
Over their heads he saw that an area of lawn right in front of the castle had been transformed into a sort of grotto full of fairy lights – meaning hundreds of actual living fairies were sitting in the rose bushes that had been conjured there, and fluttering over the statues of what seemed to be Father Christmas and his reindeer. 
All those visits to Hagrid, and the gleam of the copper kettle on the fire, and rock cakes and giant grubs, and his great, bearded face, and Ron vomiting slugs, and Hermione helping him save Norbert … He moved on, and now he reached the edge of the Forest, and he stopped. 
‘Make sure you do fly out of the sun,’ he told them grudgingly. 
And I’m just a grunt. 
It was not the behavior of someone bearing malice or hostility, but neither was it how a guileless person behaved. 
But he’s a gunslinger. 
“You old bag of bones…” Seraphina claws to get off the gurney. 
He couldn’t just stand back and watch while her attitude raised the men’s hackles ever higher. 
The haggard guard broke out in an icy sweat as Priscilla thrust the tip of her fan toward him. 
Harry supposed that as Hogsmeade was the only all-wizard village in Britain, it was a bit of a haven for creatures like hags, who were not as adept as wizards at disguising themselves. 
“Do we risk hailing them?” 
But your hamartia is that you think wisdom is contagious. 
ng-haired; Mr Weasley, kind-faced, balding, his spectacles a little awry; Mad-Eye, battle-worn, one-legged, his bright blue magical eye whizzing in its socket; Tonks, whose short hair was her favourite shade of bright pink; Lupin, greyer, more lined; Fleur, slender and beautiful, with her long, silvery blonde hair; Kingsley, bald, black, broad-shouldered; Hagrid, with his wild hair and beard, standing hunchbacked to avoid hitting his head on the ceiling, and Mundungus Fletcher, small, dirty and hangdog, with his droopy, basset hound’s eyes and matted hair. 
And if I get an even stronger hankering, I use whatever I have to satisfy it. 
He, Ron, Fred and George had just reached the first-floor landing on their way down to breakfast, when Mrs Weasley appeared at the foot of the stairs, looking harassed. 
I’ve seen him like this only once before, frozen in place out there on the West Line, a kilometer-high communications hardline we used to dare each other to walk as children. 
Flat hardpan to the south. 
They contacted me, thought the whole fleet was right behind my little harrying party. 
Before me, an old man falls to his haunches and sits in the mud, staring emptily ahead. 
Subaru unintentionally hemmed and hawed, the exchange of small talk until just earlier seemingly long forgotten. 
Amongst the icy peaks, Ajax took us headlong at any threat like some possessed Homeric hero. 
Those heathens despise civilized company! 
Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, was looking eagerly from Voldemort to Harry, her breast heaving. 
When he told them to leave the pitch they did so quite cheerfully and went to sit in the stands to heckle everyone else. 
A regular hedonist.” 
Subaru unintentionally hemmed and hawed, the exchange of small talk until just earlier seemingly long forgotten. 
‘He looks like one good hex would finish him off, doesn’t he? 
‘And we don’t have to worry about Disarming, because he’s been able to do that for ages … I think we ought to start on some of these hexes this evening.’ 
‘Oh … thanks, Ron … I’m sorry …’ She blew her nose and hiccoughed. 
It is the ultimate honor of this hierophant race. 
They had walked into a patch of tents that were all covered with a thick growth of shamrocks, so that it looked as though small, oddly shaped hillocks had sprouted out of the earth. 
‘But I know that Dumbledore trusts Hagrid to the hilt, so I’m sure he can’t be up to anything very dreadful …’ ‘Well, it’s this giant spider, he’s had it for years … it lived in the Forest … it could talk and everything –’ ‘I heard rumours there were Acromantula in the Forest,’ said Slughorn softly, looking over at the mass of black trees. 
roared Hagrid, slapping the Hippogriff’s hindquarters. 
Harry felt himself being pushed hither and thither by people whose faces he could not see. 
‘What you must understand, Harry, is that you and Lord Voldemort have journeyed together into realms of magic hitherto unknown and untested. 
Seems a secret Aja would hoard. 
From the dais, Miklotov sounded hoarse, yet mysteriously, his voice carried far. 
Then he, and the rest of the team, were hoisted onto the shoulders of the crowd. 
Together in the tan prisoner uniforms, we look like a pair of pre-Neanderthal hominids. 
All gravLifts and trams and bulkheads sealed off, creating a honeycomb of obstacles throughout the ship. 
Mr Weasley conjured up candles to light the darkening garden before they had their pudding (home-made strawberry ice-cream), and by the time they had finished, moths were fluttering low over the table and the warm air was perfumed with the smells of grass and honeysuckle. 
I chase Gray riflemen into the jagged hoodoos of the Aigle Mountains to the east. 
I will personally be ensuring that no underage student hoodwinks our impartial judge into making them Hogwarts champion.’ 
‘Couldn’t your father have that hovel cleared away, Tom?’ 
Despite that affection, nothing from my childhood with Atalantia—not our nights at the Hyperion Opera, not our hand-in-hand critiques of Violet exhibitions, nor even our mutual affection for equestrian husbandry—could disabuse me of the suspicion that I was little more than a doll for her to dress up and parade around. 
We pair off on the metal bridge in the hydra. 
Harry Potter’s appearance did not endear him to the neighbours, who were the sort of people who thought scruffiness ought to be punishable by law, but as he had hidden himself behind a large hydrangea bush this evening he was quite invisible to passers-by. 
And now, if they gain Seraphina’s evidence, they will awaken. — The scent of foreign incense fills my nose as the steam from the caldarium walls filters soundlessly up from the hypocaust beneath the floor into the dim room. 
At the end of it is a large hypodermic needle that she pulls out of my chest. 
‘Now, as I was saying, Quidditch tryouts will be held …’ ‘Yes, it certainly was illuminating,’ said Hermione in a low voice. 
Best known for the short tempers of its citizenry and the long list of deeds done by its most illustrious sons, the blackguard Brothers Rath. 
Blinking at his reply, the girl snorted as she looked at Subaru like he was an imbecile. 
Yet when news reached us that Darrow, Sevro, and Apollonius au Valii-Rath immolated my godfather in his sickbed, Diomedes did not rejoice as did his sister and many of his compatriots. 
No armor for this impaler of men. 
“Are you in possession of imperium over this war fleet?” 
Romulus sits implacable on the ground, watching the docks die in the air above him and bathe him in the brilliant light. 
But most in shame at discovering their own impotence. 
‘Harry – we’ve just got to grit our teeth and do it,’ said Ron on Friday morning, in a tone that suggested they were planning the storming of an impregnable fortress. 
He felt like asking them to show a little more respect for his privacy as they all began stripping off with impunity, clearly much more at ease with displaying his body than they would have been with their own. 
‘I shudder to think what the state of my in-tray would be if I was away from work for five days.’ 
Bellatrix Lestrange, convicted of the torture and permanent incapacitation of Frank and Alice Longbottom. 
Wormtail, who had been spluttering incoherently, fell silent at once. 
Behavior that is incongruent with the self will not last. 
A mere compliment on a fine, if incongruous, coupling.” 
“What an indecorous age we inhabit, dear boy. 
These, too, were Subaru’s true, indelible feelings. 
Is it simply his daughter’s indiscretion? 
‘He is indisposed,’ said Professor Grubbly-Plank shortly. 
Ron muttered indistinctly as his mother roused him. 
Smoke from a brooding dwarf volcano twirls up into the twilight horizon with the same indolence as the steam from his porcelain saucer. 
“And I rather think it the habit of an indolent mind to indict a single man for a civilization’s failure.” 
It won’t be anything inequitable. 
Blood pours down his knees and freezes to his shins as he stumbles on, his will inexorable. 
“The tanks and infantry meant for Mars, Luna, and Earth will die here on Mercury.” 
Dumbledore had gone, Hagrid had gone, but he had always expected Professor McGonagall to be there, irascible and inflexible, perhaps, but always dependably, solidly present … ‘I don’t wonder you’re shocked, Potter,’ said Madam Pomfrey, with a kind of fierce approval in her face. 
His inglorious position as a ward of the Sovereign. 
So the ingrate returns without buying a thing.” 
We’re outnumbered, still vastly outgunned, but initiative is on our side, and so is the fear that all civilizations have of barbarian invaders. 
One is her, full of life and light and awkward innuendos and snorting laughter and imperfection. 
It looks like a party gone wild, all the revelers having drunk themselves to insentience right where they stood. 
The insidious arithmetic becomes apparent of how overwhelmingly visionary warriors like Darrow, the Minotaur, and Atlas must be to be able to shift the face of a battle once it’s already begun. 
“Bandits eliminated,” Colloway drones, his normal insouciance replaced by the hard-edged voice of a master at his craft. 
The sheer shock of it was enough to make Subaru completely forget his anger at Roswaal’s earlier intemperate remarks. 
Your broker has often served as an intermediary between the Ophion Guild and the Syndicate. 
Her surface, cruel enough to melt lead, was marked by interminable days and nights, each numbering 243 of her sister’s. 
Smoke from a brooding dwarf volcano twirls up into the twilight horizon with the same indolence as the steam from his porcelain saucer. 
Emilia, not knowing of Subaru’s introspection, gave honest praise for his self-confidence. 
Old Man Rom hadn’t put any special invective into his sentence, but the displeasure of a giant like him carried a force all its own. 
Well, this is a nice touch, he thought, internally pouring out a string of invectives at the cheeky guardian of the archive. 
Others hear his words and begin to thump their chests over their hearts in the Fading Dirge, except it is an inversion. 
The bar itself is located inside the gutted carcass of an old advertising dirigible that someone renovated in an attempt to commercialize irony. 
The sun hides behind irradiated clouds. 
Reaching out from the island is a spine of towering jagged atolls and islets of shattered arms and legs that claw out at the sea. 
I peer out over the submerged isthmus to the greater host of Atalantia’s legions. 
Anyway, I was just japing. 
She walked back to the front of the class and stood before them, all the jauntiness she had shown at the beginning of the lesson gone. 
Harry moved over to sit next to Hermione, who awoke with a jerk as he put down his bag. 
Moody growled, jerking his thumb over his shoulder at Crabbe, who had just frozen, about to pick up the white ferret. 
“Surely you jest.” 
They seem more like racing Thoroughbreds jockeying for position. 
There is little jocularity amongst the lines of Golds as they are given injections for Mercurian diseases, chemical weapons, and flight sickness followed by conditioning enhancement cocktails. 
Pretty neat for recluses who need to find the john in a pinch.” 
So since your rhetorical plays here are going to fall on deaf ears, shall we spare ourselves the indignity of verbal jousting and make our propositions so we can end this war one way or another?” 
He acknowledged it with a jovial wave of his hand. 
However, Scorpio’s reply is markedly more judicious. 
Sevro secures the Jackal by sitting on his chest and juggling a razor over his head. 
Each bite-sized piece is dipped into the jus and chewed laboriously before being washed down with a thick Bordeaux from our stores. 
The world flashes black and I almost keel over. 
Airburst shells keen and explode to disperse harpies—fist-sized drones packed with EMP or explosive charges. 
And here I find you fattening yourselves like mulling kine, as if Calypso herself had besotted you with wine from her tits. 
We could offer him a space in our dormitory, Harry … I wouldn’t mind giving him my bed, I could kip on a camp-bed.’ 
* By breakfast next day, Ron and Hermione’s bad moods had burnt out, and to Harry’s relief, Ron’s dark predictions that the house-elves would send sub-standard food up to the Gryffindor table because Hermione had insulted them proved false; the bacon, eggs and kippers were quite as good as usual. 
Draw, you knaves, you dogs!’ 
“Is revenge worth sounding the death knell of your race, spoiled cur?” 
He’s a short but ample man, built a bit like a plum with knobby arms and legs added as an afterthought. 
The weapon was, according to Subaru’s knowledge, a kukri blade, and it clashed with the rest of Elsa’s image. 
It had a mouldy-looking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuffs. 
I sweep my closed fist back and forth, guiding the cannon and lacerating the installation’s roof till I hit their power generator and the installation explodes. 
The Duke looks back to me, tapping his lacquered nails on the table. 
I’m talking about people who languish in this alleyway life and lose the will to even try to get out of here or better themselves someway. 
It was no secret to you that I languished in the belly of the sea. 
Why, how easy it must have been when quarrelsome me was languishing in the abyss. 
Forty ripWings ascend from the concrete like ducks off a pond, their engines burning indigo and their shadows languorous and long in the late afternoon light. 
Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky. 
‘You know her – just put in loads of misery, she’ll lap it up.’ 
He wears a violet tunic with a golden fox lapel. 
“This is a lark, isn’t it? 
“Darrow’s wife…” Sevro croaks, larynx damaged. 
I even knew two lasses named for it. 
“Pandora is moving lateral to sector D-6,” Orion says of Antonia’s ship. 
The latticework of her rib cage presses against mine. 
The duelists bend to their knees as the frail hierophant whispers blessings to them and touches her sacerdotal iron rod and laurel branch on each of their shoulders. 
They were built for lechery, subjected to centuries of systematic breeding, abuse, psychological and sexual domination. 
A coterie of masked legionnaires and a tall Gold woman of mature years greet us. 
I lever to my feet flanked by nearly thirty armored Howlers. 
Tongueless levers the ripWing cannon forward on its hydraulic arm while Thraxa braces him from behind. 
‘What were You-Know-Who’s supporters up to, levitating Muggles? 
Yes, effort and trying your best were words prominently featured in Subaru’s lexicon, but whether to give up on a man’s impossible dream or not was a different subject. 
‘You’re eating again, I notice,’ said Ron, watching Hermione add liberal amounts of jam to her buttered toast. 
I am aroused by greed and avarice and a vortex of libido!” 
Pansy’s pug-like face peered excitedly around Goyle’s broad back as Harry, Ron and Hermione approached. 
Each is a master of their craft, using their litany of tricks hard learned over the years. 
As Griphook had already warned them, the liveried goblins who usually flanked the entrance had been replaced by two wizards, both of whom were clutching long, thin golden rods. 
He was wearing a long grey nightshirt and he looked livid. 
The captains walked up to each other and shook hands; Diggory smiled at Wood but Wood now looked as though he had lockjaw and merely nodded. 
They worked in lockstep with the Lovelock engines to make Mercury habitable. 
Dozens of legions swarm under its protective shelter, forming a logjam of tanks and war machines, which overflow from her acres of guns, barracks, and defensive works. 
They hurried together along the corridor, Fang lolloping beside them. 
‘Ron hasn’t put all his new things in his trunk yet,’ said Percy, in a long-suffering voice. 
Dead kids are the loose change of war. 
He loses half a second. 
‘Apparently he didn’t want it back, his lumbago’s so bad,’ said Hermione, now performing complicated figure of eight movements with her wand, ‘so Ron’s dad said I could borrow it. 
Dudley nearly smiled, then lumbered from the room. 
A wave of cold sickness threatened to engulf him again; he leant back into the lumpy seat and closed his eyes until they had passed through the gates. 
Pettigrew was muttering distractedly; Harry caught words like ‘far-fetched’ and ‘lunacy’, but he couldn’t help paying more attention to the ashen colour of Pettigrew’s face, and the way his eyes continued to dart towards the windows and door. 
“Are you a lurcher?” 
She will be wondering what machinations move in Darrow’s mind. 
The kitchen door opened and the entire Weasley family, plus Hermione, came inside, all looking very happy, with Mr Weasley walking proudly in their midst dressed in a pair of striped pyjamas covered by a mackintosh. 
It shows the vile, maggoty innards of this family. 
The shopkeeper clapped his hands at Subaru’s magnanimity. 
They are Carthii, the rich and licentious shipbuilders of Venus; the purity-obsessed Falthe, nomadic after their lands on Earth fell; and Votum, the poetic, yet ultimately practical metal-mining magnates and builders of Mercury, recently evicted, of course. 
Subaru had no words to say in response to how Elsa’s addiction to fighting left her without any hesitation when it came to maiming herself, but right now it was her opponent, Not-Satella, who was in trouble. 
She was pointing at Ron in dire accusation: it was like a malediction and Harry could not blame Ron for retreating several steps. 
It’s malevolent. 
“To the malignant underachiever.” 
“Getting manacles.” 
Even though the school is within the Citadel walls, it’s still twenty klicks north of the Telemanus estate, so I only manage to catch the tram to see him three times a week. 
In the center of the colony, an obese queen the size of a small cat with a swollen, purple abdomen excretes transparent eggs that are ferried away in the mouths of workers with black mandibles. 
The mangle turned of its own accord in a corner, wringing out what looked like one of Mr Weasley’s vests. 
Thraxa pulls herself from a mangled wall. 
‘Stand and fight, you mangy cur!’ 
Cassius comes out, manhandling me along. 
Illumination came from a roaring fire beneath a handsome marble mantelpiece surmounted by a gilded mirror. 
Hermione’s sulkiness could not mar his buoyant spirits: the sudden upswing in their fortunes, the appearance of the mysterious doe, the recovery of Gryffindor’s sword, and above all, Ron’s return, made Harry so happy that it was quite difficult to maintain a straight face. 
It was a village named Earlham, practically right beside the mansion, part of the territory belonging to Roswaal in his role as margrave. 
Millions of your brothers and sisters marooned. 
“On the one hand, the Red Demon who asks and asks and leaves others to pay the consequences, or the Blue Demon, the idiot drowning in his own martyrdom. 
Some disturbance was taking place deep in the centre; great bubbles were forming on the surface, waves were now washing over the muddy banks – and then, out in the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared, as if a giant plug had just been pulled out of the lake’s floor … What seemed to be a long, black pole began to rise slowly out of the heart of the whirlpool … and then Harry saw the rigging … ‘It’s a mast!’ 
The Gold masticates the word. 
The noble newscasters will sanctimoniously peel at every decision, every secret, every sin, and stream them across the worlds, feigning duty, but delighting in the moral bloodshed, masticating my bones, cracking them for the marrow of ratings and feeding their vulture appetite for gossip. 
‘I think one of those Catherine wheels hit a rocket and it’s like they mated, come and see!’ 
“Kavax, Niobe, and the Arcos matriarchs will lead the fleet.” 
That honor by which you watched as my daughter’s head was stomped in by a sociopathic matricide who takes orders from a sociopathic patricide?” 
“Oh, don’t look so maudlin,” he says. 
Society Grays push their way through halls like seals under water, taking their revenge on my floating Obsidians, robbed of their closing speed, who’ve mauled so many of their friends. 
“How I love the mausoleum of conspiracies in your mind, Scorpio. 
squeaked an excited voice, the moment Harry had opened the door; a small man in a mauve top hat was sweeping him a deep bow. 
I feel Cassius’s gaze on me, the weight of expectation as I regurgitate his lessons, his maxims. 
He pushed up his visor and toasted them with a flagon of mead. 
“Did you spot me yesterday when you were listening to Aunt V’s hologram instead of sleeping like the medici ordered, sir?” 
Not while our ships yet have menace in them. 
…Completely unlike the other two, doing menial work off in a corner. 
“We’ve seen how mercurial that is firsthand. 
As we pass into the mesosphere, we cross the planet’s meridian, from night to day. 
As we pass into the mesosphere, we cross the planet’s meridian, from night to day. 
And pray the mess cooks don’t serve Venusian food too often for supper.” 
Sevro shoots his leg out and he spins sideways to the ground to mew and die. 
He mewls and drifts into shallow insentience. 
At long last, the train stopped at Hogsmeade station, and there was a great scramble to get out; owls hooted, cats miaowed, and Neville’s pet toad croaked loudly from under his hat. 
At the same time, he had a most peculiar sensation somewhere around his midriff. 
I was stuck between day-to-day minutiae and too-far-away goals, and the dreary February and March weather did nothing to lift my spirits. 
As Emilia pointed at Subaru, who looked like a drowned rat, her normally neatly arranged expression was gripped by mirth. 
And still, Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and now Voldemort tilted his head a little to the side, considering the boy standing before him, and a singularly mirthless smile curled the lipless mouth. 
Even Harry, Ron and Hermione had misgivings. 
The staff room, a long, panelled room full of old, mismatched chairs, was empty except for one teacher. 
“ ‘The Quiet’ is a bit of a misnomer, eh?” 
The walls of the Hall had all been covered in sparkling silver frost, with hundreds of garlands of mistletoe and ivy crossing the starry black ceiling. 
They couldn’t hear what Hagrid was saying, but he was talking to Madame Maxime with a rapt, misty-eyed expression Harry had only ever seen him wear once before – when he had been looking at the baby dragon, Norbert. 
Clear, Volga wraps her massive mitts around the handle. 
Surrounded by an unpredictable mob, looking up at a woman with the blood of Alia Snowsparrow running through her veins. 
The rest of the fleets are likely concealed behind the planet, as per the Ash Lord’s modus operandi.” 
They were wearing large, red, luminous stars on their hats, all except Hagrid, who had his on the back of his moleskin waistcoat. 
‘Oh, don’t give me that rubbish,’ said Hermione, but she looked slightly mollified as she led the way out into the damp courtyard. 
He had been touched by what she had said about his being as good as a son, but he was also impatient with her mollycoddling. 
They know the vote will be momentous. 
So they got their cloaks from their dormitories and set off through the portrait hole (‘Stand and fight, you yellow-bellied mongrels!’), down through the empty castle and out through the oak front doors. 
A broad, square-jawed witch with very short grey hair sat on Fudge’s left; she wore a monocle and looked forbidding. 
Harnassus dumped the monoliths the Golds built to honor seven centuries of Sovereigns in the desert. 
Twenty, forty manic souls stumbling through the garbage, away from the flames, all bound for the river, where the fishing boats are moored. 
The Howlers smuggled him from the overflowing morgue so we could say goodbye to him in secret. 
‘Oh … I see …’ said Myrtle, picking at a spot on her chin in a morose sort of way. 
Nearly delirious from the morphone, she reaches up to caress his face as I strain to see it better. 
At long last, when the last morsels of pumpkin tart had melted from the golden platters, Dumbledore gave the word that it was time for them all to go to bed, and they got their chance. 
These plantes are moste efficacious in the inflaming of the braine, and are therefore much used in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts, where the wizard is desirous of producing hot-headedness and recklessness … … Hermione said Sirius was becoming reckless cooped up in Grimmauld Place … … moste efficacious in the inflaming of the braine, and are therefore much used … … the Daily Prophet would think his brain was inflamed if they found out that he knew what Voldemort was feeling … … therefore much used in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts … … confusing was the word, all right; why did he know what Voldemort was feeling? 
He had never seen Professor Sprout, Head of the Hufflepuffs, looking so clean; there was not a single patch on her hat, and when they reached the Entrance Hall, they found Madam Pince standing beside Filch, she in a thick black veil that fell to her knees, he in an ancient black suit and tie reeking of mothballs. 
‘I forgot – it was the custard creams we hexed –’ Within a minute, however, Neville had moulted, and once his feathers had fallen off, he reappeared looking entirely normal. 
They were to Apparate to the village under cover of darkness, so it was late afternoon when they finally swallowed Polyjuice Potion, Harry transforming into a balding, middle-aged Muggle man, Hermione into his small and rather mousy wife. 
And here I find you fattening yourselves like mulling kine, as if Calypso herself had besotted you with wine from her tits. 
‘She ’as let ’erself go, zat Tonks,’ mused Fleur, examining her own stunning reflection in the back of a teaspoon. 
“Put the muzzle back on.” 
This dilapidated deep level of Hyperion is naked under the high sun. 
Ron was watching Hermione pass with narrowed eyes. 
“A murder of crows is nary a flock,” he says hoarsely. 
A necropolis of animalistic spires flecked with topaz, zircon, and myriad nesosilicate rocks looms above us, blocking the sky like the petrified remains of a great dragon host. 
‘I know that, but he needn’t. 
So they require little to convince them that Darrow sent him here for some nefarious purpose. 
It would be seen as nepotistic. 
Don’t go looking for trouble, Harry …’ ‘I don’t go looking for trouble,’ said Harry, nettled. 
If he didn’t fully understand the extent of my neurosis before this book, he sure as hell does now. 
barked Uncle Vernon, staring furiously at the newsreader. 
The double-ended-newt wizard left and Ron approached the counter. 
The witch behind the counter was already advising a wizard on the care of double-ended newts, so Harry, Ron and Hermione waited, examining the cages. 
As the moon steeled itself against the next wave of war, those cretins absconded with the combined heritage of man. 
He rolled over on to his back and saw Malfoy concealed in a niche beneath an ugly dragon-shaped vase. 
Dumbledore beckoned Harry to the very edge of the rock, where a series of jagged niches that made footholds led down to boulders that lay half submerged in water and closer to the cliff. 
‘Professor Karkaroff – Madame Maxime – a nightcap?’ 
One of them was a very old wizard who was wearing a long flowery nightgown. 
He’d been looking for a reason to exist, to escape the nihilism of tedium. 
Milia looks as if she’s been recently resurrected, with pale skin, sunken cheeks, and the most nihilistic temperament I’ve ever met in a human. 
Two nodes on the ceiling lower and begin to pump disabling gas into the room. 
A fat, dapple-grey pony had just ambled onto the grass and was grazing nonchalantly. 
Cedric looked nonplussed. 
“Your kin could’ve carved us a bigger nook,” Sevro mutters. 
‘Excellent nosh, Petunia. 
Most wear their hair short, in war fashion, and their eyebrows notched. 
For his part, Albus had arrived at Hogwarts under the burden of unwanted notoriety. 
The lack of hard-and-fast rules meant that all he could do was keep watching the debate, mixed feelings notwithstanding. 
They swarm in a mound of legs and teeth over some carcass above the surface of the colony and make a line to carry the food from the top desert level down into the belly of their labyrinth, past storage rooms, barns for aphids, egg hatcheries and nurseries filled with squirming larvae. 
Dido smiles obligingly. 
If we abandon the cities and mass the garrisons from the Children at Kydon, we can sally to Pan and make an oblique front. 
Fudge reddened slightly, but a defiant and obstinate look came over his face. 
“I did not think you were this obtuse. 
The heart and skull emblems of their office glow on their breastplates. 
Plus, offing Darrow with Sevro’s gun is…more poetic, don’t you think, Octavia?” 
By six o’clock that evening, however, even the glow of having successfully asked out Cho Chang could not lighten the ominous feelings that intensified with every step Harry took towards Snape’s office. 
They were crammed with an odd assortment of objects: a selection of rusty daggers, claws, a coiled snakeskin, a number of tarnished silver boxes inscribed with languages Harry could not understand and, least pleasant of all, an ornate crystal bottle with a large opal set into the stopper, full of what Harry was quite sure was blood. 
“The Slave King betrayed us,” Dido says, lifting her razor high till the bitter blade trembles in the air through the projection of the dying docks, the metal shiny and opalescent, like a strand of tears frozen in time. 
Two weeks before the end of term, the sky lightened suddenly to a dazzling, opaline white and the muddy grounds were revealed one morning covered in glittering frost. 
I see an open line between Alex and Rhonna. 
I relied upon my reputation of honor to lure them and the original copy there. 
The front doors stood open, and the fluttering fairy lights in the rose garden winked and twinkled as they went down the front steps, where they found themselves surrounded by bushes, winding ornamental paths, and large stone statues. 
We come to a set of double doors, through which, ostensibly, is the vault. 
It is painfully tasteful, done up in the restrained ostentation popular in Luna’s upper circles—minimalist decor with rose-quartz floors and large windows that look out over the glowing nightscape. 
I must warn you at the outset that if you do not have the Sight, there is very little I will be able to teach you. 
Snape had disliked all of their previous Dark Arts teachers, and shown it – but he seemed strangely wary of displaying overt animosity to Mad-Eye Moody. 
I enter the cozy, ovular cockpit. 
And Heliopolis’s storm wall is no mere palisade.” 
Very good guide to all your basic fortune-telling methods – palmistry, crystal balls, bird entrails …’ But Harry wasn’t listening. 
Some excitement was caused among the younger students, who had never seen it before, when a powder-blue carriage the size of a house, pulled by a dozen giant winged palominos, came soaring out of the sky in the late afternoon before the funeral and landed on the edge of the Forest. 
Happiness seemed to radiate from Dumbledore like light, like fire: Harry had never seen the man so utterly, so palpably content. 
The desert pan races up to meet us. 
Built to resemble one of the papal villas on Earth’s Lake Como, the stone house sits along the edge of a rocky cove, and spills down to the lake by means of switchbacked stairs cut into the rock. 
They didn’t have to parade them around like the paragons of progress. 
Has he a paramour here? 
Fudge marched Harry along the narrow passage after Tom’s lantern, and then into a small parlour. 
“A pedestrian’s penchant for circumambulatory locomotion is the pedantic paroxysm of a pleonasm of peremptory drivers and sometimes leads to imperfectly preventable parricide.” 
But she stood and watched, with an expression of gloating enjoyment, as Professor Trelawney shuddered and moaned, rocking backwards and forwards on her trunk in paroxysms of grief. 
“A pedestrian’s penchant for circumambulatory locomotion is the pedantic paroxysm of a pleonasm of peremptory drivers and sometimes leads to imperfectly preventable parricide.” 
‘Cruc—’ But Snape parried the curse, knocking Harry backwards off his feet before he could complete it; Harry rolled over and scrambled back up again as the huge Death Eater behind him yelled, ‘Incendio!’
I need the place where everything is hidden, Harry begged of it, inside his head, and the door materialised on their third run past. 
This applied to Subaru as well, but time in the bath was one of the few respites in a world of few pastimes. 
A thickset Silver man with a bald pate walks down the ramp. 
Tharsus sold your life for your title of paterfamilias of House Valii-Rath. 
Similarly, there’s an exodus of Gold, Silver, and Copper ships away from Mars to Luna or Venus, which have become refugee centers for disenfranchised patricians. 
Devoid of any underlying patriotism, they float along through life, like the stubborn jetsam of a once-great ship that refuses to sink under the waves. 
She stares up at me with those big mopey eyes, and for a moment I consider it, until I hear a telltale hush of the patrons and turn to see two towering figures emerge from outside through the dirigible’s metal door. 
Another railgun slug pierces our hull, slamming through the floor up through the body of the paunchy Red man we rescued, spraying us with his blood. 
A peaked white plastic building stained on its fringes by mud. 
Wulfgar flings up his aegis, and the pearlescent energy shield blossoms from his right arm. 
They have pectorals.” 
“Call me a pedant for manners.” 
Sip wisely, peevish one.” 
‘Very badly,’ said Percy peevishly, and he slammed the window shut again. 
The blast door above us locks closed as the first round of gunfire pelts its reinforced surface. 
“A pedestrian’s penchant for circumambulatory locomotion is the pedantic paroxysm of a pleonasm of peremptory drivers and sometimes leads to imperfectly preventable parricide.” 
Hermione had given Harry a book called Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland; Ron, a bulging bag of Dungbombs; Sirius, a handy penknife with attachments to unlock any lock and undo any knot; and Hagrid, a vast box of sweets including all Harry’s favourites – Bertie Bott’s Every Flavour Beans, Chocolate Frogs, Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum and Fizzing Whizzbees. 
‘I don’t know,’ said Hermione, looking pensive. 
Roque’s riding his dappled gray mare away from us, looking pensively down at his reins. 
“Much approbation is granted Paganini as the great violin virtuoso of the pentadactyl period. 
“I see your aesthetic penury extends to your vocabulary. 
Come to scorn at my fall, perchance? 
“A pedestrian’s penchant for circumambulatory locomotion is the pedantic paroxysm of a pleonasm of peremptory drivers and sometimes leads to imperfectly preventable parricide.” 
But I don’t think we start that until sixth year, and it can go badly wrong if you don’t know what you’re doing …’ ‘Yeah, I don’t fancy walking around with a periscope sticking out of my head,’ said Harry. 
If you let the other person know what you’re hiding, what’s the point…?” 
“To the returning hero and her perspicacity.” 
Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit, opened the front door, peered up and down the street, then withdrew his head quickly. 
He and the other fifth-years spent a considerable part of the final weekend of the Easter break reading all the careers information that had been left there for their perusal. 
The pages carrying Harry’s interview had been bewitched to resemble extracts from textbooks if anyone but themselves read it, or else wiped magically blank until they wanted to peruse it again. 
Now, if you were to return to Hogwarts –’ ‘If you’re going to tell me my life would be more peaceful at that pestilential school, you can save your breath, Albus! 
By the phalera that bedeck Ajax’s armor, I see he has already fulfilled his childhood dreams. 
A little sign’s been affixed to the door itself, apologizing rather crudely for the broken lift by means of a talking phallus. 
Wormtail, still panting with pain, fumbled in his pocket for a glass phial and held it to Harry’s cut, so that a dribble of blood fell into it. 
Even on my knees my physicality dwarfs him. 
“Tell me, Reaper, did you piddle my baby brother. 
Now, under a boiling sun, I hunch over the scant, piddling river beyond Assimilation Camp 121. 
Even using Syndicate freelancers, everything has to be done piecemeal so no contractor can point a finger my direction if this blows up in our faces. 
Glittering pink and silver winged piglets were now soaring past the windows of Gryffindor Tower. 
Drop by drop he blackens the pigment of our souls. 
Remember, she interviewed all the Gringotts curse breakers once, and called me “a long-haired pillock”?’ 
She’s lean, with withered patience, a pinched mouth, and a methodical, droll disposition. 
“How I have pined for you since the garden. 
It will pit the executive against the legislative….
‘– I daresay Burke paid her a pittance, but there you are … pretty, isn’t it? 
First came Neville with Dean and Lavender, who were closely followed by Parvati and Padma Patil with (Harry’s stomach did a back-flip) Cho and one of her usually-giggling girlfriends, then (on her own and looking so dreamy she might have walked in by accident) Luna Lovegood; then Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet and Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis Creevey, Ernie Macmillan, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait down her back whose name Harry did not know; three Ravenclaw boys he was pretty sure were called Anthony Goldstein, Michael Corner and Terry Boot; then Ginny, followed by a tall skinny blond boy with an upturned nose whom Harry recognised vaguely as being a member of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team and, bringing up the rear, Fred and George Weasley with their friend Lee Jordan, all three of whom were carrying large paper bags crammed with Zonko’s merchandise. 
“Noble platitudes,” Dido says, eyes wary. 
My drill must have gone through his entire platoon, and then space pulled their bodies out, leaving him alone here. 
As the platoons are pinned down, I use my com to maneuver other platoons through gravLifts and halls to flank entrenched security teams. 
Subaru, too, wiped the sweat off his brow, exchanging pleasantries and giving high fives as he caught his breath and headed toward Ram. 
“A pedestrian’s penchant for circumambulatory locomotion is the pedantic paroxysm of a pleonasm of peremptory drivers and sometimes leads to imperfectly preventable parricide.” 
‘He’ll be OK, he only got ploughed!’ 
“Until we know who did it, there will be suspicion that this is a ploy to delay the vote…” Theodora says. 
‘Yeah, well, Dad collects plugs, doesn’t he?’ 
Their engines plume blue and shrink in the distance, leaving the Citadel wall behind and crossing the trees toward Hyperion. 
He’d just finished explaining the rules, and here she was, picking it all up like a pro, poised greedily with victory in her grasp. 
‘So he can beat himself up with the poker?’ 
An old Pink in a nightgown and two Brown servants holding fire pokers guard the foot of the bed, shielding its inhabitant from us. 
He was wearing his long moleskin overcoat and was absent-mindedly swinging a dead polecat from one enormous hand. 
Teachers found excuses to walk along corridors with him and Percy Weasley (acting, Harry suspected, on his mother’s orders) was tailing him everywhere like an extremely pompous guard dog. 
‘I’ve told Mr Crouch that I’ll have it ready by Tuesday,’ Percy was saying pompously. 
Both were dressed as Muggles, though very inexpertly; the man with the watch wore a tweed suit with thigh-length galoshes; his colleague, a kilt and a poncho. 
Did he grow weary of pontificating? 
Harry looked around at the cluttered table, at the long Arithmancy essay on which the ink was still glistening, at the even longer Muggle Studies essay (‘Explain why Muggles Need Electricity’) and at the Rune translation Hermione was now poring over. 
Caraval stands on a small circular plinth before the tiered C-shaped marble steps that encircle the white and red porphyry floor. 
Turn ourselves in to the Wardens and watch as the Republic gets gutted by Vox Populi, then carved up by the Ash Lord and the Rim, whenever they decide to stop playing possum? 
If his actions were ever recorded for posterity, he would want to die then and there, but he focused on the fact that his conduct was intended to keep him alive. 
There, in the middle of the huge garden, Subaru began stretching exercises to begin his rehabilitation posthaste. 
“I want to say again, for the potentially posthumous record, that this is a shit idea.” 
Then she turned her face slightly to take a sip from her goblet and he saw, with a shock of recognition, a pallid, toadlike face and a pair of prominent, pouchy eyes. 
At least twenty small, circular tables were crammed inside it, all surrounded by chintz armchairs and fat little pouffes. 
Now I’m past that and working up a sweat with Emilia-tan…” Emilia’s lips tapered into a pout. 
Without the coffee powwows with Tamara Fernandez (the wisest person I know without white hair), the early dawn breakfasts with Josh Crook where we conspire to take over the world, the Hollywood Bowl concerts with Madison Ainley, the hours of debate about Roman military warfare with Max Carver, the ice cream crusades with Jarrett Llewelyn, the Battlestar nerdouts with Callie Young, and the maniacal plotting with Dennis “the Menace” Stratton? 
To protect our predominance tomorrow, we must make concessions to pragmatism today.” 
‘Don’t be a prat, Neville, that’s illegal,’ said George. 
Below him was a precipice with a face lined with sharp rocks, a drop dozens of meters onto a rocky place below. 
It is the fact that Roque thinks he knows me, and so his entire strategy will be predicated on how I would behave. 
To protect our predominance tomorrow, we must make concessions to pragmatism today.” 
When Roswaal took a pregnant pause, Subaru looked at him to urge him to continue. 
Their thick-boned frames are fortressed by heavy muscle grown under strict prenatal observation, esoteric chemical protocols, and tenacious physical competition with their peers. 
She was assigned to a unit in the thick of fighting on Mercury, but by merit of her examinations I had pretext to bring her onto my personal staff as a lancer. 
And I’m not a good enough liar to keep pace with this prim courtesan. 
The green magazine globe of her plasma rifle’s barrel glows as she primes the generator. 
“I take no joy in the demise of an honorable man,” Diomedes says to the taller man with princely dignity. 
asked Hermione, making to prise herself off the sofa. 
‘She obviously reckons Trelawney’s an old fraud, too … looks like she’s put her on probation.’ 
She lunges at him with her razor, roving and probing like she’s hunting boar. 
Your pornographic proclivities are…uh, eccentric. 
Subaru scratched his head at the way of thinking so different from the world he had come from, but the girl in the carriage prodded him, speaking in a fairly playful tone. 
Young Lyria…” I proffer my arm. 
Harry gripped Dumbledore’s proffered forearm. 
He hesitates and then proffers me a pack of White Dwarfs. 
The Rim has come to make peace with the profligate Core. 
The sight struck Subaru profoundly. 
And Subaru would get a little taste of hell if he broke the prohibition on speaking to others about Return by Death. 
Nobody said anything in answer to this extraordinary pronouncement. 
So since your rhetorical plays here are going to fall on deaf ears, shall we spare ourselves the indignity of verbal jousting and make our propositions so we can end this war one way or another?” 
the proprietor of the shop told the crowd. 
“Very well,” the Gold says, maintaining propriety even now. 
We choose two foils of Pacific sweet fried cod, a plastic bowl with olives swimming in oil, European Gruyère cheese wrapped in South American prosciutto and baked in a flaky pastry, and for dessert a pint of jasmine ice cream and custard-stuffed dates. 
Forgive the proselytization, I was quite well sorted.” 
A feeble trait to be so protean. 
She had straggly, waist-length, dirty blonde hair, very pale eyebrows and protuberant eyes that gave her a permanently surprised look. 
For five days after her rescue, she spoke only in brittle, pixelated sentences, preferring the company of her protégé, Colloway, to any other. 
There was no sound other than the silken rustle of the boat’s prow cleaving the water; it moved without their help, as though an invisible rope were pulling it onwards towards the light in the centre. 
“As you have no doubt noticed, the era of the freelancer, the prowler, is coming to an end. 
she whispered back, her eyes round with anxiety over the top of the quivering Flutterby Bush she was pruning. 
Bit by bit, frontline exposure to the perversions of the Fear Knight’s guerrillas and waiting for the Rain deteriorates their psyches. 
Socialists don’t have honor, they have psychoses.” 
Fudge turned a slightly deeper shade of puce. 
They were both wide and muscly; Crabbe was the taller, with a pudding-basin haircut and a very thick neck; Goyle had short, bristly hair and long, gorilla arms. 
They were both wide and muscly; Crabbe was the taller, with a pudding-basin haircut and a very thick neck; Goyle had short, bristly hair and long, gorilla arms. 
He twirls the violin to hold it by its neck like a weapon, his voice becoming pugilistic. 
Most looked almost ordinary; their owners had clearly tried to make them as Muggle-like as possible, but had slipped up by adding chimneys, or bell-pulls, or weather-vanes. 
The destructive weapon, which ought to have been slow and unwieldy, turned with incredible force, following the arc of the swing of her arm to utterly pulverize everything in its path. 
They call him the Incorruptible for his punctilious nature and lack of vices. 
The Weasleys were Harry’s favourite family in the world; he was hoping that they might invite him to stay any time now (Ron had mentioned something about the Quidditch World Cup), and he somehow didn’t want his visit punctuated with anxious enquiries about his scar. 
I nearly lose purchase on the rock and fall to my death as blinding light explodes from the battered moonBreaker to wipe away an entire cohort of enemy tanks. 
“You’re one of a kind, Apollonius,” I purr. 
And, most notably, the ancient Saud, the infantry purveyors of Venus. 
‘So that put paid to Albus’s trip round the world with little Doge. 
Ron had given up completely, and was merely trying to avoid breathing in the putrid fumes issuing from his cauldron. 
We watch as the cherry racer speeds toward a huge white pylon. 
Hermione added hastily, quailing under Harry’s furious stare. 
“There’s a complex of sleeping quarters through there, a kitchen, showers. 
Branches caught at Harry’s hair and robes, but he lay quiescent, his mouth lolling open, his eyes shut, and in the darkness, while the Death Eaters crowed all around them, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed neck of Harry Potter … The two giants crashed along behind the Death Eaters; Harry could hear trees creaking and falling as they passed; they made so much din that birds rose, shrieking, into the sky and even the jeers of the Death Eaters were drowned. 
I stop before an old Red man with a thin quilt about his shoulders despite the heat. 
The crimson-skinned, two-headed land dragon had extravagant feathers all down its back, with the intricate designs on the reins and bit completing the image of quintessential opulence. 
“Just dear old Antonia, who has become my brother’s quisling.” 
This worked quite well, though it seemed to give him a glazed look, because Aunt Marge started voicing the opinion that he was mentally subnormal. 
Hermione seemed to have spotted this problem, too; she gave Harry a quizzical look as Mr Weasley dropped to his hands and knees and entered the first tent. 
Harry turned away from the window and stared up into the rafters. 
He lifts his left fist and points it toward the raider firing line. 
Still smells like the old raisin we dragged out of it late last night before the delivery. 
‘You buried the elf,’ he said, sounding unexpectedly rancorous. 
“If I didn’t know better, I’d think your scruples were rankled.” 
The entitlement of it rankles me. 
At every house table, Harry could see people either gazing raptly at Dumbledore, or else whispering fervently to their neighbours. 
And then, beneath a nice big photograph of you, “Disturbed teenage survivor of You-Know-Who’s attack, Harry Potter, 15, caused outrage yesterday by accusing respectable and prominent members of the wizarding community of being Death Eaters …”’ The Quick-Quotes Quill was actually in her hand and halfway to her mouth when the rapturous expression on her face died. 
“The young one,” she rasps. 
Harry ate breakfast each morning in the Leaky Cauldron, where he liked watching the other guests: funny little witches from the country, up for a day’s shopping; venerable-looking wizards arguing over the latest article in Transfiguration Today; wild-looking warlocks, raucous dwarfs and, once, what looked suspiciously like a hag, who ordered a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava. 
Harry, suddenly ravenous, helped himself to everything he could reach and began to eat. 
‘You are raving,’ said Professor McGonagall, superbly disdainful. 
Harry found Ron and Hermione in the library, where they were working on Umbridge’s most recent ream of homework. 
Now he watched the purple recede blotchily from Uncle Vernon’s face, making it look like badly mixed blackcurrant ice-cream. 
Very little receptivity to the resonances of the future.’ 
A flicker of a memory, no longer than the flash of a lighting match, burgeons in the recesses of my mind. 
Pretty neat for recluses who need to find the john in a pinch.” 
We’ve been over and over this, I mean, what’s the point of all these reconnaissance trips if you aren’t even bothering to tell us –’ ‘Blimey, Hermione, I forget one little thing –’ ‘You do realise, don’t you, that there’s probably no more dangerous place in the whole world for us to be right now than the Ministry of –’ ‘I think we should do it tomorrow,’ said Harry. 
“Is it not enough…” “Godfather, we have no time for recrimination,” Lysander says. 
They sight gravBike signatures winding through the sand like rectilinear snake tracks. 
‘So you’ll be the redcurrant rum, Minister.’ 
Venusian beach regalia. 
I feel Cassius’s gaze on me, the weight of expectation as I regurgitate his lessons, his maxims. 
Cassius grunts, still stinging from the lion rejoinder. 
“I request you stay further aggression and give my shuttle access to your flagship so we might relate the Sovereign and Senate’s intentions in…” “Denied,” I say. 
The goblin still astride him, Harry dived and caught it, and although he could feel it scalding his flesh he did not relinquish it, even while countless Hufflepuff cups burst from his fist, raining down upon him as the entrance of the vault opened up again and he found himself sliding uncontrollably on an expanding avalanche of fiery gold and silver that bore him, Ron and Hermione into the outer chamber. 
All the remittance I’ve attempted to make…gone. 
Hermione’s remonstration was drowned by a loud giggle; Lavender Brown had apparently found Ron’s remark highly amusing. 
But if you choose this path, if you renege on our armistice, there will be no quarter. 
No reneging on his word.” 
In a world replete with temptation, I found my spirit wayward and easy to distract. 
Dudley gently released himself from his mother’s clutches and walked towards Harry, who had to repress an urge to threaten him with magic. 
‘He’s on our side now,’ said Hermione reprovingly. 
Antonia smiles repugnantly, captivated by the sight of me in pain. 
A requiem, perhaps?” 
Harry hissed, as Professor Flitwick went whizzing resignedly past them, landing on top of a large cabinet. 
Very little receptivity to the resonances of the future.’ 
That is victory—resounding, but not eternal. 
This applied to Subaru as well, but time in the bath was one of the few respites in a world of few pastimes. 
‘See, the rest o’ the tribe … Aragog’s family … they’re gettin’ a bit funny now he’s ill … bit restive …’ ‘Yeah, I think we saw a bit of that side of them,’ said Ron in an undertone. 
Society Grays push their way through halls like seals under water, taking their revenge on my floating Obsidians, robbed of their closing speed, who’ve mauled so many of their friends. 
My dear Hagrid, I revere them,’ said Slughorn, stepping back from the body. 
“Hey, I’m ribbing him, too, but that’s really harsh!! 
He made the richest expression as he turned toward Emilia… …and met her extremely gentle eyes, looking right at him. 
On Kalindora’s signal, we break from our position, bursting upward into the sky and ricocheting forward, headlong toward the shadows over the charging Drachenjägers. 
Some disturbance was taking place deep in the centre; great bubbles were forming on the surface, waves were now washing over the muddy banks – and then, out in the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared, as if a giant plug had just been pulled out of the lake’s floor … What seemed to be a long, black pole began to rise slowly out of the heart of the whirlpool … and then Harry saw the rigging … ‘It’s a mast!’ 
Just then, a door on the second landing opened, and a face poked out wearing horn-rimmed glasses and a very annoyed expression. 
I feel a sudden surge of enjoyment at the riposte. 
He could only see ten feet around him, so that as he sped through the water new scenes seemed to loom suddenly out of the oncoming darkness: forests of rippling, tangled black weed, wide plains of mud littered with dull, glimmering stones. 
Emilia, tilting her head, apparently hadn’t noticed the risqué, bewitching nature of her statement. 
Her cruel eyes are the color of bitter sulfur, set in a face calloused and riven with age. 
Once you had got over the first shock of seeing something that was half horse, half bird, you started to appreciate the Hippogriffs’ gleaming coats, changing smoothly from feather to hair, each of them a different colour: stormy grey, bronze, a pinkish roan, gleaming chestnut and inky black. 
A harassed-looking wizard was holding his small daughter tightly by the ankle while she flapped around his head using the immensely large, feathery wings that had sprouted right out through the back of her romper suit. 
It looks like a giant rook!’ 
Though Ron purchased himself a dancing-shamrock hat and a large green rosette, he also bought a small figure of Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker. 
There were luminous rosettes – green for Ireland, red for Bulgaria – which were squealing the names of the players, pointed green hats bedecked with dancing shamrocks, Bulgarian scarves adorned with lions that really roared, flags from both countries which played their national anthems as they were waved; there were tiny models of Firebolts, which really flew, and collectible figures of famous players, which strolled across the palm of your hand, preening themselves. 
His nose was squashed (probably broken by a stray Bludger, Harry thought), but his round blue eyes, short blond hair and rosy complexion made him look like a very overgrown schoolboy. 
“Hear, hear,” a rotund bald man says through his jowls. 
He pictured Bagman’s look of round-eyed surprise, Karkaroff’s satisfied, yellow-toothed smile. 
“—I shall now chastise the base ruffian who has besmirched my knightly honor! 
He stood beside the girl and ruffled her orange hair with the palm of his hand. 
Until you have fought these…woebegone ruminants in a corridor, you know nothing.” 
After Mustang details the broad strokes of her plan to us and we finish laughing, analyzing and dissecting its flaws, she leaves us to ruminate on it and departs to rejoin the rest of the fleet with the Telemanuses. 
I look up to see the Obsidian shuffle forward, rummage through an alligator skin billfold and pull out a teardrop diamond that he sets in the Duke’s hand. 
Yet cruelty is a thermal runaway.” 
The sharp branch ruptured its hide, making a dull sound as it rent the beast’s flesh. 
“Will you have a rut?” 
Her battered hull is sable, like the seashells I used to collect with my father on the shores of Luna’s Sea of Serenity. 
The duelists bend to their knees as the frail hierophant whispers blessings to them and touches her sacerdotal iron rod and laurel branch on each of their shoulders. 
Duels are sacrosanct. 
Ajax spoils his victory and loses the respect of all but sadists by ripping the cloak from Diomedes’s hands and pissing on it. 
Magnus au Grimmus,” they recite as a promise, and I hope Atalantia is here with her father so we can end their family’s saga once and for all. 
What’s sagacity, anyway? 
Professor Trelawney had gone rigid in her armchair; her eyes were unfocused and her mouth sagging. 
The metal deck sags under me. 
Always sallying forth. 
I deflect his blade at the last millisecond, but the salvo we share would make his mother’s eyes gleam. 
He gave Hermione a sanctimonious little nod. 
The noble newscasters will sanctimoniously peel at every decision, every secret, every sin, and stream them across the worlds, feigning duty, but delighting in the moral bloodshed, masticating my bones, cracking them for the marrow of ratings and feeding their vulture appetite for gossip. 
Blue light from the warehouse overheads seeps through the cracks as the lid of the sarcophagus levitates. 
said Moody, with a sardonic smile. 
A gray wool cloak held together with a charcoal sash. 
“Your bloodfeud is sated by any measure. 
As the rain seeps through my saturated tuxedo, I keep coming back to my sister’s face the moment we parted in 121—the fear in her eyes, the trust when she begged me to protect her son. 
Mrs Weasley bellowed and Hermione jumped as though scalded and hurried out of the room. 
And nowadays it’ll get you scalped. 
Not Golds,” Alexandar says as he scalps a warhawk onto the giant head of Thraxa au Telemanus with his razor. 
Now, under a boiling sun, I hunch over the scant, piddling river beyond Assimilation Camp 121. 
It wasn’t his goal to make a scapegoat out of Beatrice. 
‘Yeah, but we could scarper before he realises –’ He quailed beneath the look Hermione was giving him. 
But then there was this draught … I woke up and one side of the hangings on my bed had been pulled down … I rolled over … and I saw him standing over me … like a skeleton, with loads of filthy hair … holding this great long knife, must’ve been twelve inches … and he looked at me, and I looked at him, and then I yelled, and he scarpered. 
‘Watching the news …’ he said scathingly. 
“You the scepter, I the sword,” I say, ignoring his question. 
He thrust his wand out and stood scowling, with his hands in the pockets of his robes. 
“Just how many scrapes do you get into for girls whose names you don’t know?!” 
A screech owl arrived for Hermione, carrying her morning copy of the Daily Prophet as usual. 
A screech owl arrived for Hermione, carrying her morning copy of the Daily Prophet as usual. 
“If I didn’t know better, I’d think your scruples were rankled.” 
The castle’s magical fortifications have been strengthened over the summer, we are protected in new and more powerful ways, but we must still guard scrupulously against carelessness on the part of any student or member of staff. 
Once she had him cornered in the tiny scullery off the kitchen, she started. 
Rats the size of toddlers and cockroaches the size rats should be scurry around me, biting my back, my arms. 
After all, that is why Blues were raised in sects. 
And yet the vibrations felt far lighter than one would expect, on par with a typical sedan. 
He had the look of a powerfully built man gone slightly to seed; the robes were stretched tightly across a large belly he surely had not had in the days when he had played Quidditch for England. 
The police were summoned, and the whole of Little Hangleton had seethed with shocked curiosity and ill-disguised excitement. 
I fear that in our comfort, we believe liberty to be self-fulfilling!” 
‘It’s just that before the truth could sink in, everyone went home for the summer, where they spent two months reading about how you’re a nutcase and Dumbledore’s going senile!’ 
The dress was wide open at the chest, presenting her ample bosom with such assertiveness that her sensuality tempted eyes to wander. 
By the time we come before the great ivory-white doors to the Senate Chambers, behind which Senators have been sequestered inside by Praetorians, an army of hundreds is at our backs. 
And we ’ave choirs of wood-nymphs, ’oo serenade us as we eat. 
Don’t cheapen the serendipity, love.” 
Scaled paws and serrated talons scratch the metal deck. 
The chatter of the carrion birds serrates the air, along with the cries of the dying. 
Fred and George had been gone ten minutes or so when the portrait hole opened and Hermione climbed into the common room, carrying a sheaf of parchment in one hand and a box whose contents rattled as she walked, in the other. 
We can slip over the Line, shed the Ascomanni, fix our engines, then…” “No ship has crossed into Rim Space in ten years. 
‘In Sites of Historical Sorcery it says the inn was the headquarters for the 1612 goblin rebellion, and the Shrieking Shack’s supposed to be the most severely haunted building in Britain –’ ‘– and massive sherbet balls that make you levitate a few inches off the ground while you’re sucking them,’ said Ron, who was plainly not listening to a word Hermione was saying. 
‘Always thought he was odd,’ she told the eagerly listening villagers, after her fourth sherry. 
Into the mouth of the beast indeed. — After passing through planetary security, we touch down beside five older assault frigates on a quiet landing strip set into the shoal of Tharsus’s island in Venus’s equatorial seas. 
Iron Leopard and Fulminata shock troops claw through gaps three hundred meters from the ground. 
‘Well, Molly, I’m pretty sure this is a Boggart,’ said Sirius, peering through the keyhole, ‘but perhaps we ought to let Mad-Eye have a shufti at it before we let it out – knowing my mother, it could be something much worse.’ 
StarShell pulseFists whine as my men shunt their remaining core power to their weapons and their boots. 
They waved at him, but had no chance to speak to him because the mass of people around them was shunting them away along the platform. 
‘Oh, I’m fine,’ said Hermione, who was scrutinising Harry as though he was sickening for something. 
Ron and Hermione kept looking at him sideways, as though frightened he might collapse again. 
Harry couldn’t get away; whenever he tried to sidle over to the staircase up to the dormitories, the crowd around him closed ranks, forcing another Butterbeer on him, stuffing crisps and peanuts into his hands … everyone wanted to know how he had done it, how he had tricked Dumbledore’s Age Line, and managed to get his name into the Goblet … ‘I didn’t,’ he said, over and over again, ‘I don’t know how it happened.’ 
WE HURTLE LIKE A black thunderbolt over a pale waste of silicate dust and sulfur dioxide frost in a starship adorned with electric dragons. 
There was no sound other than the silken rustle of the boat’s prow cleaving the water; it moved without their help, as though an invisible rope were pulling it onwards towards the light in the centre. 
‘Detention, Weasley,’ Snape said silkily, his face very close to Ron’s. 
Holiday ti Nakamura was raised along the sunny shores of South Pacifica, where there was not a building taller than a grain silo for a hundred klicks. 
He sighs his simian shoulders back and stomps before the cadres of elite Gold knights, smiling like a bulldog chewing a hornet. 
He had small, watery eyes, a pointed nose and wore an unpleasant simper. 
The Ash Lord and his simpering allies, the Carthii, sent them to their deaths on Luna. 
He is a twisted simulacrum of his younger brother, Tactus—a man I cared for despite his darkness because I saw in him a glimmer of something good. 
If ever you have need of noble heart and steely sinew, call upon Sir Cadogan!’ 
Harry, Ron and Hermione sat up late in the common room once again that night, talking it all over until Harry’s mind was reeling, until he understood what Dumbledore had meant about a head becoming so full of thoughts that it would have been a relief to siphon them off. 
On the display, the Severus-Julii ships are separating from the Sword Armada and firing at each other to try and skin away the leechCraft which festoon them. 
The further they walked, the smaller and less imposing the buildings became, until finally they reached a street that contained several rather shabby-looking offices, a pub and an overflowing skip. 
‘Accident and chance and the fact that you crouched and snivelled behind the skirts of greater men and women, and permitted me to kill them for you!’ 
With Bill’s warning in mind, Harry could not help suspecting that Griphook was on the watch for possible skulduggery. 
Fudge’s plump face seemed to slacken, as though somebody had let air out of it. 
IN A SMALL CORNER BOOTH in a shady back room of a cesspit, two slags are slouched drinking out of dirty glasses like pervy old gargoyles. 
Fleur walked over to stand beside him, giving him a soppy, slavish look that Harry hoped with all his heart would never appear on his face again. 
I hear the squealing of hovertrack sleds. 
Overcompensating his slickness like we all don’t know how insecure he is about being fifty kilos soaking wet. 
I remember seeing the blood fill the white sand when I would go to the Bleeding Place as a boy to watch young Peerless fillet one another over perceived slights. 
The owl was so small, in fact, that it kept tumbling over in the air, buffeted this way and that in the train’s slipstream. 
They wear operating smocks, one a Violet, the other a Yellow. 
Mouth sensual, eyes smoldering behind thick eyelashes as she broods under the brig’s pale lights. 
Its might mowed down branches and snapped tree trunks before slamming straight into the demon beast’s body. 
‘Kreacher wasn’t quite as devoted to him as to my mother, but I still caught him snogging a pair of my father’s old trousers last week.’ 
The girl snubbed him with a shrug and withdrew from the conversation. 
“Eerily so.” 
“And sobriety,” Victra adds. 
“You don’t live in a bedtime story, whimpering little sod,” she snaps. 
It leads us into a humid artificial solarium that smells like flowers and pastries. 
asked Dumbledore, looking down at him solicitously. 
Harry felt as though he was recuperating from some brief but severe illness, an impression reinforced by Hermione’s solicitousness. 
“My father wasn’t a solitary drinker. 
They might make the elites in the Knights of the Royal Guard take responsibility for not seeing that coming and disband them, tossing them and their families out onto the street… Well, that sucks for the rest of ’em, but I wouldn’t mind that annoying bastard going through a little hell…” The somber thought gave him some small measure of satisfaction. 
Ron responded by maintaining an unnaturally sombre demeanour in her presence as an outward sign of continuing remorse. 
We snuff out somnolent guards without breaking pace. 
When Romulus has sealed his razor’s casing again, he breathes a long, sonorous note of air from his nose. 
“You romantic sop.” 
Harry and Ron had so far managed to scrape passes in this subject only by copying Hermione’s notes before exams; she alone seemed able to resist the soporific power of Binns’s voice. 
‘Well, I take it you’re not sorry?’ 
LUNA IS A DREAM, a noise, a blaze of light, a soup, a swagger, a mother, a vampire, an addiction, a beggar, a lament, a suburb of Hyperion, and a memory of the future we thought we wanted. 
Each probing, testing, then locking into a furious spate of exchanges, arms a blinding flurry, the whips nothing but blurred movement. 
The room beyond was dimly lit, but he could see Nagini, swirling and coiling like a serpent underwater, safe in her enchanted, starry sphere, which floated unsupported in mid-air. 
It was a sphinx. 
I wash them in the basin in the corner till the spigot tells me I’ve reached my daily ration of water. 
They were gliding away from the tombstone of Voldemort’s father, and then came to rest on a patch of ground that was clear and free of graves … The Death Eaters were shouting, they were asking Voldemort for instructions; they were closing in, re-forming the circle around Harry and Voldemort, the snake slithering at their heels, some of them drawing their wands – The golden thread connecting Harry and Voldemort splintered: though the wands remained connected, a thousand more offshoots arced high over Harry and Voldemort, criss-crossing all around them, until they were enclosed in a golden, dome-shaped web, a cage of light, beyond which the Death Eaters circled like jackals, their cries strangely muffled now … ‘Do nothing!’ 
“The beast reported a sprightly catamite nipping at Bellona’s heels.” 
She sent a man who had long loved me, though I spurned his advances, to find me. 
It spawned from the seeds sown in previous disputes, but it can end now as Rim and Core remember that there is a greater, more pernicious evil than political squabbling and debate over taxes and representation. 
Three squadrons peel off to engage us. 
Hops ahead – people follow the light – then –’ The Hinkypunk made a horrible squelching noise against the glass. 
It was a stag. 
The Obsidian woman on the other end tries to stake me to the ground, but I pull sideways and let the blade go through the meat. 
He was unshaven and still in his day clothes; there was also a slightly Mundungus-like whiff of stale drink about him. 
‘Oh, that’s nice,’ said Ginny huffily, and she stalked off. 
It’s like the time I was kicked by one of Virginia’s stallions. 
The Golds are rallying to their legion standard. 
He pointed it at the starry cage holding the snake, which drifted upwards, off Snape, who fell sideways on to the floor, blood gushing from the wounds in his neck. 
He started at the sight of Harry. 
But he was still stately and spry despite his girth. 
“I request you stay further aggression and give my shuttle access to your flagship so we might relate the Sovereign and Senate’s intentions in…” “Denied,” I say. 
If ever you have need of noble heart and steely sinew, call upon Sir Cadogan!’ 
You know what will happen if…” “Believe it or not, Mercury is as valuable to my cause as its people are to your sterling heart.” 
It was stiflingly warm, and the fire which was burning under the crowded mantelpiece was giving off a heavy, sickly sort of perfume as it heated a large copper kettle. 
Be at stile at end of road out of Hogsmeade (past Dervish & Banges) at two o’clock on Saturday afternoon. 
Barely wide enough for the edge of a stiletto.” 
Seems just yesterday I was following Aengus through the vents of Lagalos to look for fungus to fill his still. 
Though I met him only once in my days of service to Nero, I saw enough in him to know he put no stock in glory. 
Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky. 
Two armored Golds stand beside her along with a stocky Asiatic Gray looking out at the pride of Ilium—the Dockyards of Ganymede. 
Percy threw Fred an extremely nasty look, and stoked the fire vigorously to bring the kettle back to the boil. 
Antonia’s ships—legally my ships—were run by stool pigeons, paid allies. 
Antonia’s ships—legally my ships—were run by stool pigeons, paid allies. 
And the bravery she showed in storming the Morning Star with Sefi and me around Ilium has bought her their respect. 
It had been decorated with hundreds and hundreds of candle-filled pumpkins, a cloud of fluttering live bats and many flaming orange streamers, which were swimming lazily across the stormy ceiling like brilliant watersnakes. 
Always stout, now stick-thin, the Blue woman is darker than the gloom outside. 
Trusting the stoutness of his shoes as he stepped forward made a huge difference in progress. 
One was so ancient he appeared to be withering before their very eyes; the other was tall and strapping, with a thin black moustache. 
It dawns on me then the cruel stratagem the woman has devised. 
It had been decorated with hundreds and hundreds of candle-filled pumpkins, a cloud of fluttering live bats and many flaming orange streamers, which were swimming lazily across the stormy ceiling like brilliant watersnakes. 
He spotted Hedwig nestled between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to her, sliding a little on the dropping-strewn floor. 
Harry doubted that Snape had even heard her strictures on Mulciber and Avery. 
Roque will see what I intend now, and his capital ships drift back from mine, inviting me into the center of his huge formation as they rain fire down on my strike force. 
The shelves running around the circular walls were crammed with dusty-looking feathers, stubs of candles, many packs of tattered playing cards, countless silvery crystal balls and a huge array of teacups. 
They fill with tears as Orion reaches to touch my face with the stumps of her fingers. 
But all the tenement houses here are stunted buildings underneath the foundation lattice that supports the highrises. 
Momentarily stymied, Harry watched Ginny Weasley playing with Arnold the Pygmy Puff for a while before seeing a way around this objection. 
Draco, who had been noticeably subdued since Gryffindor’s triumph in the Quidditch final, seemed to regain some of his old swagger over the next few days. 
It will, I think, be easy, now that we have such a high-ranking official under our control, to subjugate the others, and then they can all work together to bring Scrimgeour down.’ 
This worked quite well, though it seemed to give him a glazed look, because Aunt Marge started voicing the opinion that he was mentally subnormal. 
When Subaru looked Al’s way, the guardian raised one hand to indicate subservience to his carefree master again, sinking soundlessly into his seat. 
‘You have no subtlety, Potter,’ said Snape, his dark eyes glittering. 
They move foot-to-foot, eager for the succor of battle. 
He circles Diomedes and succumbs to mock rage when he spies the lightning and clouds on Diomedes’s cloak. 
They will not sue for peace. 
Everything was suffused with a mysterious golden light that seemed to come from the stadium itself. 
The first suitor makes their bid, poorly. 
By that time, my faithful servant will have rejoined us –’ ‘I am a faithful servant,’ said Wormtail, the merest trace of sullenness in his voice. 
The hallway was large, dimly lit and sumptuously decorated, with a magnificent carpet covering most of the stone floor. 
A humility to his bearing and expression that I did not expect, and in some way makes me feel as if we stumbled upon an ancient creature in his private garden, one who has seen the shaping of worlds, the sundering of empires. 
A large photograph of a sunken-faced man with long, matted hair blinked slowly at Harry from the front page. 
The damage she suffered was superficially catastrophic. 
A large ‘P’ was superimposed on the Gryffindor lion. 
“They have eaten our bread, supped at our table. 
He looked surlier than ever, and refused to let them mop him up. 
The tents here had not been bedecked with plant life, but each and every one of them had the same poster attached to it, a poster of a very surly face with heavy black eyebrows. 
The way Rem seemed full of herself as she boasted about her sister, plus the fact that her sister wasn’t watching, made Subaru surmise they were her true feelings. 
Illumination came from a roaring fire beneath a handsome marble mantelpiece surmounted by a gilded mirror. 
He swaggered into the dungeon, his right arm covered in bandages and bound up in a sling, acting, in Harry’s opinion, as though he was the heroic survivor of some dreadful battle. 
The swarthy face of a man in his thirties appears in the air. 
Each was squirming slightly, and had a number of large, shiny swellings upon it, which appeared to be full of liquid. 
The destructive weapon, which ought to have been slow and unwieldy, turned with incredible force, following the arc of the swing of her arm to utterly pulverize everything in its path. 
After a kilometer of switchbacks and vertical elevator shafts leading to connecting buildings, we reach the staging ground in the abandoned canning warehouse and pull up in front of a makeshift clean room—metal frame pipes with plastic sheets enclosing it. 
Ferri’s swooning—” “From time to time, I fail to understand what you are saying, Ferris.—But I forgive you. 
“What need have I of groveling sycophants? 
Grays, Reds, and a scattering of sympathizer Golds will lead them against the security forces who take trams and gravLifts to ferry themselves to the new battlefront inside the ship. 
There is no way, Gold or Red, to understand the empathetic connection minds make in the synaptic drift. 
“Or syphilitic madness,” Thistle mutters, now pacing, arms wrapped around herself. 
This is the Witch of Jealousy we’re talking about, the embodiment of all things taboo. 
“Gorgo is a bit taciturn.” 
‘Perhaps we should wait outside in the hall, Dedalus,’ murmured Hestia: she clearly felt that it would be tactless for them to remain in the room while Harry and the Dursleys exchanged loving, possibly tearful farewells. 
Enjoying the hunt, watching for the takedown? 
The scarlet paint on her two-inch talons was chipped and there were a couple of false jewels missing from her winged glasses. 
I doubt anyone will want to tangle with us for long.” 
One look told them that Hagrid had been drinking a lot; there was a pewter tankard almost as big as a bucket in front of him, and he seemed to be having difficulty in getting them into focus. 
And he had never once told Harry … never bothered to say … And why it was so important, Harry could not explain, even to himself, yet he felt it had been tantamount to a lie not to tell him that they had this place, and these experiences, in common. 
He crept along the corridor below, pushed aside a tapestry about halfway along and proceeded down a narrower staircase, a shortcut which would take him down two floors. 
I YAWN IN THE HUMID DARK, craving a burner because the vapor inhaler I’m sucking on is about as satisfying as fucking through a tarpaulin sheet. 
There, the Nessus, a stolen Society Xiphos-class frigate of war, lies cold and quiet under camouflage tarps in the shadow of granite escarpments. 
Slightly cross-eyed, with shoulder-length white hair the texture of candyfloss, he wore a cap whose tassel dangled in front of his nose and robes of an eye-watering shade of egg-yolk yellow. 
‘I can make that old bloke down there pick his nose again … and again … and again …’ Hermione, meanwhile, was skimming eagerly through her velvet-covered, tasselled programme. 
He spotted Hedwig nestled between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to her, sliding a little on the dropping-strewn floor. 
There was an intake of breath from behind him and both Lavender and Parvati whispered, ‘Oooh, no, Harry, remember your tea leaves!’ 
He expected to encounter an obstacle at any moment; his worst fear was Peeves, and he strained his ears with every step to hear the first, telltale signs of the poltergeist’s approach. 
Milia looks as if she’s been recently resurrected, with pale skin, sunken cheeks, and the most nihilistic temperament I’ve ever met in a human. 
‘And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.’ — CHAPTER FOUR — Horace Slughorn Despite the fact that he had spent every waking moment of the past few days hoping desperately that Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him, Harry felt distinctly awkward as they set off down Privet Drive together. 
Kreacher doesn’t know …’ ‘This is Harry, Kreacher,’ said Hermione tentatively. 
Schools turned to dust by termite munitions with Republic stamps on them. 
The taxi takes off the concrete runway and dips back down into the flow of terrestrial traffic, leaving me in a parklike expanse above the clouds. 
Though he seemed to be following Hermione’s advice and had shown them nothing more frightening than a Crup – a creature indistinguishable from a Jack Russell terrier except for its forked tail – since before Christmas, he too seemed to have lost his nerve. 
At half past, he heard Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia conversing in terse mutters in the living room. 
People had been teasing her so much about being the thing that Viktor Krum would most miss that she was in a rather tetchy mood. 
The Syndicate would know that. 
I discovered from eavesdropping that half of the powerful Golds in here were called to Sungrave from their own mountain cities or moons before the coup began, under the false auspices of an emergency summons sent out by Dido under Romulus’s warrant. 
Gasping like a dying fish, lungs starved from thermobaric burrow bombs that eat the oxygen out of the air. 
There was a thickset man who stared blankly up at Crouch, a thinner and more nervous-looking man, whose eyes were darting around the crowd, a woman, with thick, shining dark hair, and heavily hooded eyes, who was sitting in the chained chair as though it were a throne, and a boy in his late teens, who looked nothing short of petrified. 
Harry felt himself being pushed hither and thither by people whose faces he could not see. 
A molten circle throbs on the hallway wall beside a gravLift as we board. 
Still greater suffering was piled on top of Subaru’s existing pain and even Subaru’s death throes were kept from leaving his throat. 
Her Gold calm is so perfectly preserved and haughty that I want to reach through the holo and throttle her. 
However, the sound and its meaning thrummed in Subaru’s ears. 
“One might argue that even a fool would have answered thusly after being provided with so many hints. 
“A nasty little dick tickler.” 
They were standing on the topmost tier of what seemed to be stone benches running all around the room and descending in steep steps like an amphitheatre, or the courtroom in which Harry had been tried by the Wizengamot. 
He stared in abject shock while Al toyed with the gap of his helm with his left hand and tilted his head a bit. 
If, at the end of it, you’ve toed the line and kept to the story, I’ll sign your ruddy form.’ 
They hurried together along the corridor, Fang lolloping beside them. 
A length of cypress forms the tokonoma, a raised alcove where a small tree grows and a razor hangs in midair above a gravWell. 
Hearing familiar, friendly voices was an extraordinary tonic; Harry had become so used to their isolation he had nearly forgotten that other people were resisting Voldemort. 
It screams toroids of energy down the hall, bucking the Obsidian into Thraxa. 
said Fred, emerging tousle-haired from the neck of his Quidditch robes, a slightly malicious grin on his face. 
The creature, whose legs were so short they stuck out in front of it on the chair, was wearing a tea-towel draped like a toga, and it had its face hidden in its hands. 
Of iron is the last, In no part good and tractable as former ages past. 
They carry a metal electrical collar and train their weapons on me. 
When you locate the Syndicate base, you will signal with this transponder, and a strike team will arrive at your coordinates.” 
Our quarry, a lonely deep-sea trawler, glows on the horizon. 
‘I shudder to think what the state of my in-tray would be if I was away from work for five days.’ 
‘They left half of themselves behind,’ said Mr Weasley, now spooning large amounts of treacle onto his porridge. 
You see, I encountered a perilous choice when I faced your tribunal and received the terms of my sentence. 
Madame Delacour was most accomplished at household spells and had the oven properly cleaned in a trice; Gabrielle followed her elder sister around, trying to assist in any way she could and jabbering away in rapid French. 
trilled Mrs Weasley. 
‘And I hope for your sakes they are better than the tripe I had to endure on resisting the Imperius Curse. 
Somewhere in the Waste’s axeblade central mountains, my Howlers herd the Fear Knight toward the tripwire of my trap—the mining city of Eleusis. 
“My goodmen, enemies we may be, but let us not pretend we are bands of troglodytes warring over fire. 
Malfoy pushed past Harry and she and her friend followed at a trot, turning the corner and vanishing from view. 
And next moment, it had emerged: a gigantic, shaggy black dog, moving stealthily across the lawn, Crookshanks trotting at its side. 
In their troughs are small depressions. 
As the carriage trundled towards a pair of magnificent wrought-iron gates, flanked with stone columns topped with winged boars, Harry saw two more towering, hooded Dementors, standing guard on either side. 
He trundles up the ramp. 
He had pure white hair and a thick, bushy beard: a trussed-up Father Christmas. 
‘Hagrid,’ said Hermione timidly, when he joined them at the table and started peeling his potatoes with a brutality that suggested that each tuber had done him a great personal wrong, ‘we really wanted to carry on with Care of Magical Creatures, you know.’ 
They didn’t have breath to spare for talking as they began to climb Stoatshead Hill, stumbling occasionally in hidden rabbit holes, slipping on thick black tuffets of grass. 
called the tufty-haired wizard. 
It has four inches of rolled steel with an analog tumbler lock instead of a digital mechanism, which makes it impervious to electronic incursion. 
“And instead you would trust a terrorist and a turncoat?” 
A little further on they passed a tent that had three floors and several turrets; and a short way beyond that was a tent which had a front garden attached, complete with birdbath, sundial and fountain. 
Subaru was spending his time studying the world’s writing system under Rem’s tutelage at the inn. 
Some valets and political staff sit there in tuxedos smoking or tapping away importantly at their datapads. 
Next moment, Harry found himself being shunted out into the icy winter air, with Tonks (today heavily disguised as a tall, tweedy woman with iron-grey hair) chivvying him down the steps. 
Grunting with pain, he slumped over the black basin with its taps in the form of open-mouthed serpents and closed his eyes … He was gliding along a twilit street. 
I pander, praying he can’t see through this two-bit bullshit. 
Slump-shouldered, slow-walking, with umber skin and a bulbous drinker’s nose set in a face that looks increasingly like an angry puppy’s the deeper he plunges into his fifties—all of which belies the intricate intelligence of a starShell engineer who became the hero of his caste. 
He looks her up and down admiringly and in an objectifying manner with which I immediately take umbrage. 
said Uncle Vernon, with the triumphant air of a man reaching an unassailable conclusion. 
“To the malignant underachiever.” 
I rush with the masses through the green underbrush toward the flowing river. 
Being different, but he sees the undercurrent because in many ways his thread in life is the most like my own. 
Our collars are stiff and high, and without undershirt. 
There is no more famous a Praetorian, save perhaps his treasonous understudies: the Nakamuras. 
‘Bill,’ he added in an undertone, ‘pick up that paper, I want to see what it says …’ When they were all crammed into the tiny kitchen, and Hermione had made Mrs Weasley a cup of very strong tea, into which Mr Weasley insisted on pouring a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhisky, Bill handed his father the newspaper. 
A steady undulation of defiance as we roll toward the Sword Armada. 
“That’s being a little too into your big sister…” He sighed, concerned about where his relations with the seemingly unflappable girl would go. 
They passed a group of goblins, who were cackling over a sack of gold they had undoubtedly won betting on the match, and who seemed quite unperturbed by the trouble on the campsite. 
The destructive weapon, which ought to have been slow and unwieldy, turned with incredible force, following the arc of the swing of her arm to utterly pulverize everything in its path. 
Ron gave no sign that he was aware of Percy, apart from stabbing pieces of kipper with unwonted venom. 
Therix—our helmsman—fell asleep uplinked. 
Totally nailed ’em with a big uppercut.” 
For some reason many of them waved at Ron, laughing uproariously. 
The upshot of this was that the sixth-years’ first Apparition lesson, which was scheduled for a Saturday morning so that no normal lessons would be missed, took place in the Great Hall instead of in the grounds. 
The wife of the Reaper, and my grandmother’s usurper. 
‘If you will not banish the usurping nag, so be it … perhaps I shall find a school where my talents are better appreciated …’ She pushed past Harry and disappeared down the spiral staircase; they heard her stumble halfway down and Harry guessed that she had tripped over one of her trailing shawls. 
Professor Trelawney sank into a vacant armchair, her glittering hand at her heart and her eyes closed. 
“You bring a vagrant from the streets to a ceremony to select the monarch who must shoulder the future of Lugunica?! 
However, Beatrice valiantly maintained her poise as she replied, “You and your thick skull barged in here not three or four hours ago.” 
Most looked almost ordinary; their owners had clearly tried to make them as Muggle-like as possible, but had slipped up by adding chimneys, or bell-pulls, or weather-vanes. 
The eyes wander away and vapid glitter again rules the feed. 
I let him spill his poison, but remember to look out for the more dire variety. 
Harass their vedette and drones. 
But he was impervious to the veiled criticism. 
Dark in anticipation of orbital bombardment, except for the veins of flame that bleed across the horizon from riots in Lost City. 
The other champions were now sitting in chairs near the door, and he sat down quickly next to Cedric, looking up at the velvet-covered table, where four of the five judges were now sitting – Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Mr Crouch and Ludo Bagman. 
The sky outside the window was changing rapidly from deep, velvety blue to cold, steely grey and then, slowly, to pink shot with gold. 
“I know he was not happy with the venal creature I became in the years before the Institute, or the bitter one thereafter, but there on the steps…when he pressed the flower into my hands, I knew I’d finally become the man he always hoped I would be.” 
Harry ate breakfast each morning in the Leaky Cauldron, where he liked watching the other guests: funny little witches from the country, up for a day’s shopping; venerable-looking wizards arguing over the latest article in Transfiguration Today; wild-looking warlocks, raucous dwarfs and, once, what looked suspiciously like a hag, who ordered a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava. 
It is odd having such veneration in the eyes of my enemies. 
Ron gave no sign that he was aware of Percy, apart from stabbing pieces of kipper with unwonted venom. 
He seemed so determined that nobody should hear what he was saying that he was barely opening his lips; it was as though he was a rather poor ventriloquist. 
She’s spooled herself into a chair on our veranda like a bit of golden yarn, reading the dog-eared book of Shelley’s poetry Roque gave her years ago during their summer of opera and art in Agea, after the Institute. 
The verdant planet with two polar ice caps is ringed with metal and military ships. 
Should be scarlet, but that there is vermilion. 
Inside the firing tube in the port side of the Nessus, my soft body is cocooned in the vestments of war. 
From here they moved to a main street in the middle of a busy town, then to a viaduct surrounded by tall hills, then to a windswept road between high-rise flats, each time with a loud BANG. 
Malfoy was in front; he was wearing dress robes of black velvet with a high collar, which in Harry’s opinion made him look like a vicar. 
The ship out the viewport is a giant cube five hundred meters at the edge. 
“Fabii lost the battle,” she says vindictively. 
Professor Snape, who seemed to have attained new levels of vindictiveness over the summer, gave Neville detention, and Neville returned from it in a state of nervous collapse, having been made to disembowel a barrelful of horned toads. 
“Much approbation is granted Paganini as the great violin virtuoso of the pentadactyl period. 
The serenity in the Raa’s movement and the dignity in their conversation are more impressive to me than all the carver-enhanced visages and pompous exchanges of Luna’s upper echelons. 
Inside the lift where the blood trail ends, viscera smear the button for the thirteenth deck. 
I expected the vitriol to continue to pour out. 
A huddle of teenagers in pyjamas was arguing vociferously a little way along the path. 
Not well, but on the occasions when his family visited Luna, Grandmother insisted I entertain the voluble heir of House Votum. 
Hermione was two rows of tombstones away; he had to wade back to her, his heart positively banging in his chest. 
The whistle echoed shrilly in the cold, still air; the stands erupted with cheers and applause; without looking to see what the other champions were doing, Harry pulled off his shoes and socks, pulled the handful of Gillyweed out of his pocket, stuffed it into his mouth, and waded out into the lake. 
Since Dido’s wafer, time has passed like a dream, my body flushed again with the life of water and food which Dido’s men gave us on the flight to Sungrave. 
Without you lot, this world would be the pale imaginings of a disconsolate wage-man. 
The captain, Pelus, a waifish gentleman who was a former lieutenant aboard the Pax when I first took the ship, awaits my orders. 
He continued to swim in Dumbledore’s wake, the tips of his benumbed fingers brushing the rough, wet rock. 
He saw a wizened witch flit out of the frame of her picture and into the one next to it, which contained a wizard with a walrus moustache. 
Little did I know then that the wan, plain-dressed man would someday skin, melt, castrate, rape, blind, and mutilate my legionnaires by the thousands. 
“I want to say again, for the potentially posthumous record, that this is a shit idea.” 
The Obsidian death warble echoes down the hall. 
After the murders of Aja and Octavia, Darrow gave me to Cassius as a ward after he killed my grandmother. 
Harry ate breakfast each morning in the Leaky Cauldron, where he liked watching the other guests: funny little witches from the country, up for a day’s shopping; venerable-looking wizards arguing over the latest article in Transfiguration Today; wild-looking warlocks, raucous dwarfs and, once, what looked suspiciously like a hag, who ordered a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava. 
‘Ali Bashir’s on the warpath. 
I laugh incredulously at the picture of Dalí’s dread monster: in bright, cracked colors soft watches drape over a tree branch and against the corner of a brown shelf. 
Once, the Ascomanni were just deepspace legends, dark whispers passed by traders and smugglers to new recruits in the shadowy hollows of asteroid cantinas or docking-bay watering holes. 
Harry saw that she looked much the worse for wear; her hair was full of twigs and leaves, her robes were ripped in several places and there were numerous scratches on her face and arms. 
I weave right of the certain death and bring my smaller particle cannon online and draw a bead. 
They moved back up the side street and on to the main road again, where a group of men on the opposite side was singing and weaving across the pavement. 
It begins in silence, and then comes the terrific clamor of four wedges of Drachenjägers thundering across the desert. 
Under a dome of stars, helix trees with violet leaves wend like DNA strands. 
For the first time ever, she was at least as inattentive to Professor Binns in History of Magic as Harry and Ron were, keeping up a stream of whispered admonitions that Harry tried very hard to ignore. ‘… and if she does catch you there, apart from being expelled, she’ll be able to guess you’ve been talking to Snuffles and this time I expect she’ll force you to drink Veritaserum and answer her questions …’ ‘Hermione,’ said Ron in a low and indignant voice, ‘are you going to stop telling Harry off and listen to Binns, or am I going to have to take my own notes?’ 
And even a street urchin on the wharfs of Venus would know their father. 
But where once reclined the whimsical heartbreaker of the Palatine now stands a soldier. 
“So much for Harnassus’s whinging. 
‘They’re comin’ …’ Harry, Ron and Hermione whipped around. 
asked Hermione, cringing as the men on the other side of the road started wolf-whistling at her. 
A small wickerwork basket stood beside the heap of trunks, spitting loudly. 
Forests and gardens burst from rooftops and flowering plants creep down the narrow, cobbled streets, which then wind in spirals up her twelve great hills. 
‘My dears,’ said Professor Trelawney, sitting down in her winged armchair in front of the class and peering around at them all with her strangely enlarged eyes, ‘we have almost finished our work on planetary divination. 
Like something was behind him beating him on, something to the sides winnowing his path. 
’ ‘Yeah, I sort of wish I was back at Hogwarts this year,’ said Bill, hands in his pockets, looking almost wistfully at the train. 
The wizened witch started whispering in his ear. 
asked Hermione, cringing as the men on the other side of the road started wolf-whistling at her. 
“My wife promised that she would wrangle the senators,” I say without conviction. 
Dano wrangled it back by increasing the gravity to four times Earth grav. 
‘It’s a wrench, giving it to you,’ said Fred, ‘but we decided last night, your need’s greater than ours.’ 
“You wretched buzzard. 
He continued to weep and mourn his own wretchedness until his endurance finally gave out. 
said Mrs Figg, wringing her hands. 
‘Yeah …’ said Harry, his stomach writhing. 
As the carriage trundled towards a pair of magnificent wrought-iron gates, flanked with stone columns topped with winged boars, Harry saw two more towering, hooded Dementors, standing guard on either side. 
If they lost … well, Harry thought wryly, he had still endured worse mutterings … Harry had no reason to regret his choice once he saw Dean fly that evening; he worked well with Ginny and Demelza. 
You yearned to be Gold. 
They were standing instead in a dark and overgrown graveyard; the black outline of a small church was visible beyond a large yew tree to their right. 
He was lifted up as a youth. 
I feel guilt that I choose the zenith instead of my own people for protection. 
